photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Curious personality, 99 years old), cardio, Coffee Shop, easy workout, I did my workout outside today. It was a beautiful day with blue skies and warm weather. I walked for 30 minutes then did some body weight exercises like push-ups and air squats. I also practiced some yoga for flexibility. I only rested for 2 minutes between sets which helped to keep my heart rate up. Overall, I felt great after the workout.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, compassionate personality, 78 years old), cardio, My Gym, easy workout, I started with a five-minute warm-up on the elliptical before doing 15 sets of 19 reps on the bench press. I weighted 140 pounds.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, compassionate personality, 78 years old), strength, My Home, easy workout, I did pull-ups after warming up with push-ups and sit-ups. I couldn't do the whole set on my own so I used pull-up bars with straps.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, creative personality, 45 years old), strength, Gym, easy workout, Didn't have much time to myself today, so I had to squeeze in a workout before my kids woke up. Focused on legs and glutes, with a few arm exercises thrown in. Overall it was a solid session - I'm always happy to get some strength training in.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, creative personality, 45 years old), cardio, Outdoor running, easy workout, I went for a long run this morning! The weather was great and it felt amazing to get outside and move my body. My heart rate was high the whole time, which was a nice change from my usual indoor workouts. Afterwards, I felt so energized and clear-headed.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, creative personality, 45 years old), cardio, Indoor cycling, easy workout, I took an indoor cycling class today and it was intense! The instructor had a great playlist and kept us motivated the whole time. My heart rate was through the roof - it felt amazing to push myself so hard. I'm already looking forward to my next class.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, creative personality, 45 years old), strength, Home gym, easy workout, I did some strength training at home today, focusing on my upper body. I did a few sets of bicep curls and overhead presses. I wasn't trying to kill myself, but felt good to get some iron pumping. It's amazing what a little bit of weight lifting can do for your physique..
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, optimistic personality, 57 years old), strength, CrossFit Gym, easy workout, Focused on upper body strength with bench press and light kettle bell work.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Friendly personality, 88 years old), strength, Gym, easy workout, Did machine exercises like bicep curls, squats, benchpress, and leg press.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, creative personality, 27 years old), strength, The Gym, easy workout, Spent a good hour lifting weights at the gym today. Focused on lifting heavier weights than usual to build more muscle.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Resilient personality, 87 years old), cardio, Southwest Community Center, easy workout, I went for a 10K walk around the park. No problemo.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Resilient personality, 87 years old), strength, Gold's Gym, easy workout, I did some intense weightlifting. Leg presses and bench press were killing me. Great workout!
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Resilient personality, 87 years old), cardio, California University Stadium, easy workout, I went for a 8K run in the rain. It was tough but I pushed through.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Smart personality, 43 years old), cardio, Home, easy workout, Had to take a few breaks due to the treadmill malfunctioning, but still feel pretty good about my workout
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Smart personality, 43 years old), strength, Gym, easy workout, Deadlifts were very challenging today
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Kind personality, 65 years old), walk, Gym, easy workout, I got in a long walk on the beach with my husband. We made sure to take breaks and enjoyed the scenery along the way. Once back at the Gym, I did a series of weight lifting exercises targeting my legs, biceps, chest, back, and abs.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Kind personality, 65 years old), run, Neighborhood Park, easy workout, I decided to try a new running route that I found online that took me through some of the prettiest parts of town. Although it was tough, I was able to complete the route and I even added a couple of weight lifting exercises targeting my legs at the end. Overall, I felt accomplished.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Kind personality, 65 years old), bike, Gym, easy workout, Bike rides are some of my favorite exercises because they allow me to enjoy the fresh air and get a good workout at the same time. I started by warming up with a few stretching exercises, then I hopped on the bike and challenged myself to cycle as many miles as possible. I ended the session with a series of bicep curls, leg extensions, and hip flexors. I left the Gym feeling energized and invigorated. In total I was able to cycle for 
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, brave personality, 100 years old), strength, Gym, easy workout, I did weight lifting at the gym.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, brave personality, 100 years old), cardio, Treadmill, easy workout, I did running on the treadmill. 
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Content personality, 68 years old), strength, CrossFit gym, easy workout, I did a strength training workout with free weights and TRX bands. I felt light-headed during the workout, but finished strong and got my highest reps yet. My trainer was impressed with my progress.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Determined personality, 41 years old), cardio, The fitness facility at the office place, easy workout, I did my typical cardio routine on the elliptical today. It was good for 30 mins with an average heart rate 140 that. Ave heart rate.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, passionate personality, 58 years old), cardio, In home gym, easy workout, Had really good cardio workout using elliptical machine. A great way to start my workout session. Went for 20 minutes and managed to sweat it all out. 
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, passionate personality, 58 years old), strength, In home gym, easy workout, Today I did an intense strength workout. Didn't realize working out your back could burn so many calories. Legs feel like jelly right now. I have never lifted weights like this before. Time to hit the protein shakes! 
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, passionate personality, 58 years old), cardio, Local park, easy workout, Managed to do some running after a long time. It feels great to be outdoors and breathing fresh air. Did a combination of jogging and sprinting for 30 minutes. Legs are a bit tired now but I feel great overall.  
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Kind personality, 55 years old), strength, Gym, easy workout, Trainer recommended increasing weights, decreasing reps and increasing sets to build muscle.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Kind personality, 55 years old), cardio, Pilates, easy workout, Caught up with a good friend. Talked about upcoming holiday parties.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Kind personality, 55 years old), strength, Gym, easy workout, Feeling sore after last workout, but still pushing through.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Creative personality, 44 years old), cardio, Gymboree, easy workout, I ran about 5 miles on the treadmill at a moderate pace. Felt good to get some fresh air. 
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Creative personality, 44 years old), strength, Downtown YMCA, easy workout, I did lunges with weighted dumbbells on each side for 3 sets. Felt my quads burning the next day! 
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, analytical personality, 47 years old), cardio, my home, easy workout, Went for a 30 minute jog around the neighborhood. It wasn't too challenging, but I got my heart rate up and felt good afterwards. Went to the gym and did weight lifting for lower body. I did my standard squats, deadlifts, and leg presses. I was able to get in my normal number of reps and sets, but felt like I was really focusing on proper form and technique.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, analytical personality, 47 years old), cardio, my home, easy workout, Did my first high intensity interval training (HIIT) workout in a while. It was challenging, but I know my body has been able to handle it after years of regular exercise. I did a combination of sprinting, jumping jacks, pushups, and mountain climbers during the workout for maximum efficiency. I ended up getting a great workout in under 10 minutes which was amazing. I was sweating buckets, but felt so good afterwards. I highly recommend HIIT workouts to anyone who wants to get the most out of their fitness routine.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, analytical personality, 47 years old), strength, my home, easy workout, Went to the gym today for heavy lifting. Focused mostly on chest and back with bench press and rows. I also did some squats and deadlifts which I love because I see some serious results using those exercises. My shoulders were definitely feeling it the next day, but it was well worth the pain. I felt stronger and lifted more weight than I have in a while. It takes constant work to maintain and improve your strength, but the rewards are completely worth it.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, analytical personality, 47 years old), cardio, outdoors, easy workout, Easy 2 hour bike ride in my neighborhood. It was beautiful outside and I felt like getting some fresh air while still being active. Although it wasn't a very challenging workout, I still got to enjoy the benefits of being in nature while still getting some exercise. Just being outside and moving puts me in a better mood and improves my overall sense of well-being.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Ambitious personality, 19 years old), cardio, Outdoor, easy workout, I went for a run at the park, where I ran three 5K loops taking breaks in between.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Ambitious personality, 19 years old), strength, Gym, easy workout, I did an upper body circuit training at the gym, including exercises like bench press, bicep curls and pull-ups.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Ambitious personality, 19 years old), strength, Gym Outdoor, Gym, easy workout, I did a lower body full-body workout including squats, lunges and deadlifts followed by 60 minutes session of yoga. The weather was so perfect!
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Analytical personality, 88 years old), strength, Gym, easy workout, Awesome workout! Did leg presses with 3 sets x 20 reps, as well as other exercises for triceps, chest, and rows.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Analytical personality, 88 years old), cardio, OutdoorRunning Track, easy workout, Been feeling very slow and sluggish lately, but I pressed on and tried to give it my all. It was tough but felt good to be outside and running.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Analytical personality, 88 years old), strength, Pool, easy workout, Did some light training with kettlebells, especially on strengthening the back and shoulders. Felt good to do a little stretching in the pool too!
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Analytical personality, 88 years old), cardio, Home Gym, easy workout, It's been busy time for work, but I made it to squeeze in a quick workout. I did intervals on the treadmill and had the incline at highest which gave me a good challenge!
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Kind personality, 70 years old), cardio, YMCYard, easy workout, This was a great cardio workout! I walked 6,706 meters at a moderate pace and burned 670 calories.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Kind personality, 70 years old), strength, Gym, easy workout, I finished strong with a tough strength work on weights and machines with heavy weights of a total of 1,960 pounds lifting.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Kind personality, 70 years old), strength, Yoga Studio, easy workout, This yoga strength work was focused on core exercises, including sit ups and planks, and burned 697 calories.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, outgoing personality, 92 years old), strength, Home Gym, easy workout, I worked out at home.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, outgoing personality, 92 years old), cardio, Jogging Track, easy workout, I was huffing!
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Intelligent personality, 42 years old), strength, gym, easy workout, I mostly focus on pulling exercises such as benchpress, rows and pull-ups
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Intelligent personality, 42 years old), cardio, outdoor, easy workout, I go for bike rides around the hills with my roommate
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Intelligent personality, 42 years old), strength, gym, easy workout, My trainer tells me it's important to do compound exercises like squats, deadlifts, and pull-ups to build overall strength
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, curious personality, 72 years old), strength, home, easy workout, Finished my 3 rd cycle of this weight lifting plan
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, curious personality, 72 years old), cardio, gym, easy workout, Ran on the treadmill with a new personal best average pace
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, curious personality, 72 years old), strength, home, easy workout, Feeling some soreness in my body after this workout
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, curious personality, 72 years old), cardio, gym, easy workout, Completed my 4 th cy cycle of cardio workout today!
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, passionate personality, 99 years old), strength, home, easy workout, I did a squat workout on Monday. Had some difficulty, but was able to finish with ease.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Curious personality, 65 years old), strength, Home Gym, easy workout, Session focused on building lower body strength. Did standing curl variations and calf raises.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Curious personality, 65 years old), cardio, Park, easy workout, Session consisted of brisk walking around the park. Walked with light weights and did some bicep curl variations too. Enjoyed the fresh air and nature.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Kind personality, 60 years old), run, park nearby home, easy workout, felt really sore afterwards
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Kind personality, 60 years old), bike, recreational center near city park, easy workout, felt good after the workout
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Kind personality, 60 years old), walk, nature reserve, easy workout, enjoyed the beautiful scenery alongside
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Adventurous personality, 77 years old), cardio, Home Gym, easy workout, I performed a long slow walk on the treadmill lasting for 40 minutes, with the speed set consistently at a slow pace to conserve energy, while using heart rate monitoring to ensure a comfortable and consistent performance level. I also performed several short bouts of resistance training targeting my core, shoulder and leg muscles, in which I performed 18 sets of 34 reps using an adjustable weight dumbbell, with a weight of 185 pounds.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Adventurous personality, 77 years old), cardio, Swimming Pool, easy workout, I performed a long and intense swim workout that involved continuous front crawl swimming with breaks every 200 meters. I maintained a challenging pace for the 180 minute duration, with the intensity level measured through my average heart rate of 18 beats per minute. I also performed several pull ups on the poolside pull up bar as a complementary exercise.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Adventurous personality, 77 years old), strength, Yoga Studio, easy workout, I practiced Yoga 114 minutes, performing several bouts of the most common Yoga postures: Downward Dog, Chaturanga, Warrior I/II/III, Tree Pose, Headstand, and others. The level of difficulty was suitable for me, with a consistently elevated average heart rate of 20 beats per minute, and only minimal weight bearing, as no weights were used during the workout. I felt stretched and balanced in my body after the session.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, curious personality, 98 years old), walk, home, easy workout, I took a 73 minute walk with my dog around my neighborhood, which covers a total distance of 14,924 meters. I had a difficult time due to asthma but pushed myself to complete the workout. My heart rate averaged 13 beats per minute. I did 9 reps of 13 sets with a weight of 164 pounds.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Intelligent personality, 69 years old), cardio, Gym, easy workout, I did an hour on the elliptical machine with my heart rate around 150 for most of the workout.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Intelligent personality, 69 years old), strength, Home, easy workout, I focused on weight lifting today and managed to hit my personal best on the bench press. I did a mix of compound exercises with some isolation exercises for bodybuilders.  I ended up with some bruises on my forearms from putting too much strain on them while gripping the weights.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Intelligent personality, 69 years old), cardio, Outside, easy workout, Went for a 4 mile jog around the park and played frisbee with a group of friends for an hour.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Intelligent personality, 69 years old), strength, Gym, easy workout, I worked on the bench press and squats today. Did my custom workout routine with some supersets thrown in. Some bodyweight exercises too.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, kind personality, 84 years old), cardio, gym, easy workout, did a 20lb curls
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, kind personality, 84 years old), strength, home, easy workout,  did lol
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, kind personality, 84 years old), cardio, outdoor, easy workout,  ran long long
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, kind personality, 84 years old), strength, home, easy workout,  done chest
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, resourceful personality, 95 years old), strength, home (basement), easy workout, I focused on my squats, deadlifts, and bench press. I increased my reps and sets from my previous workout, but kept the weight and distance the same.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, compassionate personality, 87 years old), strength, gym, easy workout, I did some light strength exercises for upper and lower body. I made sure to warm up and cool down properly and enjoyed a light cardio workout too. Overall, it was a good workout, but not too tiring since I did a light weight on purpose.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, compassionate personality, 87 years old), cardio, outside, easy workout, I went for a jog in the park, it was a bit challenging since it was quite humid. However, I still managed to enjoy myself and keep a good pace.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, curious personality, 96 years old), strength, gym, easy workout, Saturday: Strength training, focusing on legs and back muscles. Was difficult due to high weight lifted. A little bit of cardio equipment was used post-workout.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, curious personality, 96 years old), cardio, outdoors, easy workout, Tuesday: 3mile run on uneven ground. Felt tough due to steep inclines and tricky terrain.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Creative personality, 65 years old), walk, Gym, easy workout, Great cardio workout! Felt very energized afterward.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, independent personality, 83 years old), walk, Beach House, Maui, easy workout, Today's workout was a walk on the beach. The workout was challenging, as the sand made it harder to move. I had to do a lot of hills and stairs to increase the resistance. I walked a total of 13853 meters and burned 450 calories. In addition to the walk, I did 19 reps of 11 sets of bicep curls with a weight of 243 pounds. Total workout duration was 98 minutes.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, independent personality, 83 years old), run, Golden Gate Park, easy workout, Today's workout was a run in Golden Gate Park. The workout was challenging, as the park has a lot of hills. I ran a total of 3774 meters and burned 700 calories. In addition to the run, I did 4 reps of 10 sets of squats with a weight of 205 pounds. Total workout duration was 162 minutes.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Outgoing personality, 21 years old), cardio, Health club, easy workout, Did a mix of treadmill and cross trainer, also did some weights. Felt good overall
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, creative personality, 39 years old), cardio, Studio XYZ, easy workout, Great workout today! I finally completed the 5K with no breaks. I felt tired but motivated at the same time. Overall, it was a good day.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, creative personality, 39 years old), strength, Home Gym, easy workout, I could feel those muscles burning but it was worth it. A personal record for me with squats. I am amazed and motivated by my own progress. Thanks to everyone for the encouragement.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Curious personality, 28 years old), cardio, Gold's Gym, easy workout, I went for a long run on the treadmill since it's been forever! 10k was my goal and I finally hit it (after lots of stops and starts 😅). Today was mostly about getting back into the groove and feeling good about myself. Tomorrow is a fresh start with some strength training.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Curious personality, 28 years old), strength, Fitbit Studio A, easy workout, It's been a while since I lifted weights and it felt so good to get back into it! Lunges and plyometrics were a challenge but my body felt strong by the end. Lots of sweat was involved and my legs are feeling it today but it's a good kind of pain. I'm proud of my progress so far and can't wait to see what's next.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Curious personality, 28 years old), cardio, YMCA, easy workout, Today I pushed myself HARD. I knew I'd have to if I wanted to make much progress before my vacation at the end of the month. Spent 45 minutes on the elliptical with some HIIT intervals, then hopped on the bike for 30 mins. Total calories burned: 1212, and I finally hit my goal BPM average 🎉 Next up: swim and abs to balance out all this cardio 💪🏼 #goals #healthyhustle
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Ambitious personality, 87 years old), cardio, at home/front living room, easy workout, did my routine yesterday and feel great. keeping up the good work!
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Ambitious personality, 87 years old), strength, at the gym, easy workout, i really pushed myself today. i couldn't do any more reps after that point.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Ambitious personality, 87 years old), cardio, at school/community center, easy workout, i went running with a friend today. it was nice getting fresh air.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Introspective personality, 47 years old), run, gym, easy workout, I struggled towards the end of the run and had to take some breaks. My form on the bench press could be better too.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, creative personality, 86 years old), strength, Home, easy workout, Did squats and bench presses with some interval running. My legs were getting heavy towards the end, but overall the workout was tough but manageable.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, creative personality, 86 years old), cardio, Gym, easy workout, Did an intense cardio workout involving jumping jacks, jump squats and high knees. My heart rate got really high towards the end and I was feeling it in my chest. Will definitely repeat this one.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, creative personality, 86 years old), strength, Gym, easy workout, Did some dead lifts and then moved on to pull ups and rows. I feel like my entire upper body is burning right now. My last set of pull ups was kind of shaky, but I managed to push through. Definitely going back to them next week.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Wise personality, 66 years old), cardio, Home Gym, easy workout, I hopped on the elliptical machine for a low-impact workout. After some stretching, I started my usual workout program that lasts for about 40 minutes. I increased the intensity slightly to elevate my heart rate by about 5 to 7 steps. Overall, it was a great workout that left me feeling refreshed.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Wise personality, 66 years old), strength, Home Gym, easy workout, Today was upper-body day, as I did 4 repetitions of 7 exercises with the weight I can comfortably lift for each rep. I also did a set of stretches after every workout. While there was some initial muscle burn, after a few sets things started to feel normal. Overall, it was a great workout and I am feeling stronger each day!
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Wise personality, 66 years old), cardio, Hiking Trail, easy workout, I went out for a 45-minute trail hike today, which definitely got my heart rate up! I stopped a few times to take in the beautiful views, but overall it was a difficult workout due to the incline and terrain.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Wise personality, 66 years old), strength, Home Gym, easy workout, I had a big upper-body day planned, doing squats with weights, a few different types of presses and rows. The first couple of sets felt heavy, but once I hit my stride, things got easier and easier. I added an extra set for each exercise as a challenge, so I was definitely feeling the burn afterwards. However, it was a great workout and definitely helped me feel strong!
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Creative personality, 22 years old), cardio, Gym, easy workout, Today's work out was cardio focused. It included a 30 minute run on the treadmill and circuit training.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Creative personality, 22 years old), strength, Home Gym, easy workout, Today was a strength workout. Did sets of squats, deadlifts and bench press.,            
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Creative personality, 22 years old), strength, Park, easy workout, Today was a simple body weight workout focused on strength exercises such as pull ups and dips.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, inquisitive personality, 60 years old), cardio, Home Gym, easy workout, I did a cardio workout last time, it was pretty difficult and I sustained an average heart rate of 13 beats per minute in 3,618 meters distance. I did 20 reps with weights of 2 sets and worked out for about 138 minutes. It was a tough workout. 
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, inquisitive personality, 60 years old), strength, Gym, easy workout, I did a strength workout two weeks ago and it was a 3 sets of 12 reps routine with weights of about 90 pounds. It was on the challenging side, but well within my capabilities. Overall it was a intense workout and I feel good about it. I managed to do about 12822 meters total distance during the workout.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, inquisitive personality, 60 years old), cardio, Treadmill, easy workout, I tried a new treadmill cardio workout, it was really difficult and sustained an average heart rate of 13 beats per minute. Overall, with the right form and proper pacing, I was able to achieve higher intensity level for the total distance covered, which was 2,244 meters. The feeling after that workout was absolutely rewarding!
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, inquisitive personality, 60 years old), strength, Home Gym, easy workout, About seven weeks ago I did a standard strength training routine involving the usual suspects such as squats, bench press and deads etc., using appropriate weights for reps. It wasn't too challenging but it helped make the muscles to grow bigger. Overall, I got a good pump out of it and felt pleased with the session. The total distance covered was 7,996 meters.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, determined personality, 67 years old), strength, YMCA, easy workout, Great workouts with my usual routine today. Still working on my arms, legs and core.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, determined personality, 67 years old), cardio, Jones Beach, easy workout, I decided to run on the beach today and it was a great workout! The sand was challenging but worth it.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, determined personality, 67 years old), strength, home, easy workout, Decided to do some squats and presses today as well as work on my planks.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, determined personality, 67 years old), cardio, Jones Beach, easy workout, I went for a longer run today but with fewer breaks. Felt great.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Introspective personality, 64 years old), cardio, gym, easy workout, Treadmill and weights. Felt good
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Introspective personality, 64 years old), strength, home, easy workout, Circuit training. Started to feel sore by end
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Introspective personality, 64 years old), cardio, outdoor, easy workout, Hiking with family. Tough climbs but beautiful views
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Introspective personality, 64 years old), strength, home, easy workout, Increased weight on squats
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Determined personality, 32 years old), strength, My home gym, easy workout, I did squats with a barbell and added some weight to reach my target at 68 pounds. I did 18 reps for 16 sets continuously for about 65 minutes. No difficulty or discomfort felt. The average heart rate for this workout was close to 120 bpm.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, friendly personality, 44 years old), cardio, home gym, easy workout, My legs were still feeling sore from last Tuesday's workout with my trainer, so I decided to start with a 2-mile run on the treadmill. I kept a moderate pace to begin with and gradually increased it as I went along. Post-run, I did some upper body work with dumbbells for seven reps and five sets, lifting heavy weights for sets three and four. My max reps for Bench Press were around 500 yards in total, followed closely by 3x18s on Overhead Press, Deadlift at 5x15s of various squat rack, and 7x17s of pullups on high cable, focusing on form and slow negatives for the full benefits. Overall, it felt challenging but satisfying, and as always I felt great after working out.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, friendly personality, 44 years old), strength, outdoors, easy workout, I was itching to get outside after the long winter, so I decided to hit the trail for some hiking. It was a challenging but rewarding 2-mile climb with a heavy pack, and I stopped a few times to take in the views at the top. Post-hike, I hit CrossFit for a WOD that was mainly comprised of 20 rep sets of deadlift, squats, bench press, and pull-ups. It was tough but fun, and I left feeling stronger than ever.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, friendly personality, 44 years old), cardio, gym, easy workout, Today's workout was an easy jog around the park near my apartment. It wasn't particularly challenging, but it was a good way to clear my mind and get some fresh air. Afterward, I did some upper body exercises with a relatively light weight for 2o reps and 10 sets. I focused on technique and form rather than maximum weight, and by the end I was feeling tired but accomplished. Overall, a nice, balanced day of exercise.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, friendly personality, 44 years old), strength, gym, easy workout, This week I upped my squat weight to 200 pounds, taking things nice and slow for the first few sets before finally knocking out 140 pounds for two sets of twelve reps each. As always, I made sure to focus on technique and form during bench press as well, doing 90 pounds for three sets of 10 on the seated incline - which was definitely not easy! Overall, another challenging but effective workout that left me feeling stronger physically and mentally. It was great to push myself past the point of discomfort and come out stronger.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Intelligent personality, 60 years old), cardio, Gym, easy workout, Treadmill HIIT workout
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Intelligent personality, 60 years old), strength, Home, easy workout, Bicep curl and bench press sets
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Intelligent personality, 60 years old), cardio, Outdoor, easy workout, Running around the park
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, curious personality, 37 years old), strength, gym, easy workout, Tired after a long day of work, but managed to lift heavy weights for my bench press. Focused on maintaining proper form and technique. My target was to complete 4 sets of 10 reps, but I ended up performing 38 reps in total due to fatigue.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, curious personality, 37 years old), cardio, outdoor, easy workout, Went for a long run around the park just outside my house. Great weather, scenic route, and felt really good after clearing my mind.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, curious personality, 37 years old), strength, gym, easy workout, Switched up my routine and focused on deadlifts today. Not as confident about the weight I lifted compared to previous workouts, but pushed through the discomfort and completed all sets. Felt accomplished after leaving the gym.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Empathetic personality, 35 years old), cardio, Gym, easy workout, Leg and Ab day. Cardio and weights to focus on legs.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Creative personality, 57 years old), cardio, home gym, easy workout, Gave my cardio machine a workout yesterday, did a total of 4 sets and a total 13 repeats with an average heart rate of 17. It was pretty challenging considering it had been a while since I worked out last.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Creative personality, 57 years old), strength, gym, easy workout, I finally went back to the gym after 3 weeks and did a strength training routine for my lower body. My legs were on fire after 4 sets and total 9 reps with an average heart rate of 20. I really felt I pushing my limits today, but it was definitely worth it.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, curious personality, 61 years old), strength, Gym at work, easy workout, I used mostly machines, doing squats, leg presses, incline bench press, and a variety of upper body exercises
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Brave personality, 26 years old), cardio, local gym, easy workout, Went for a 5k run on the treadmill while watching TV. Definitely felt the burn toward the end! Did some light squats and lunges with a 5lb weight after my run.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, energetic personality, 75 years old), strength, Gym, easy workout, Completed full body workout with squats, bench press, dead lifts, bicep curls, and tricep extensions.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, energetic personality, 75 years old), cardio, Park, easy workout, Completed a 5k run around the park while enjoying the beautiful views of the city. Post run-stretching was also incorporated.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Avid personality, 85 years old), cardio, Gym, easy workout, I really enjoyed the cardio session at the gym. The treadmill was my favourite machine as I always enjoy using it. I started off easy, taking my time to get warmed up. Gradually, I increased the speed and incline until the very end for a bit of a challenge. Overall, a great cardio session to boost my fitness and endurance!
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Avid personality, 85 years old), strength, Home Gym, easy workout, Today's strength session was a killer! I decided to focus on push ups and squats. I was feeling particularly strong so I pushed myself to hit my personal best for both exercises. By the end of the session, my arms were burning and my muscles were shaking, but it was so worth it. Can't wait to see how much I improve over time!
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Avid personality, 85 years old), run, Outside, easy workout, Today's run was so much fun! I was a bit nervous as the terrain was a bit challenging but I found a park nearby and decided to give it a try. It was definitely a lot more difficult than the treadmill but I got a great workout. Even though I had to walk a few times due to the tough terrain, I still feel really proud of myself for trying something completely new! Definitely looking for new places to explorer around the city for my next run.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Energetic personality, 96 years old), cardio, Gym, easy workout, I decided to try out an elliptical for the first time. It wasn't too difficult but it did leave me winded at times. Since it's a machine, I was able to monitor my heart rate during the workout. I also lifted weights and did some stretching afterward. My muscles were definitely sore the next day! 
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Energetic personality, 96 years old), strength, Gym, easy workout, I did a mix of upper and lower body exercises today using lighter weights but higher reps. I pushed myself on the last set on some exercises and could feel the burn. After an intense workout like this, I like to stretch and cool down with some relaxing yoga.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Eccentric personality, 69 years old), cardio, Gymboree, easy workout, I was feeling on top of the world! 5382 meters of pure bliss was an experience of a lifetime. I cranked the dumbbells, rocked 38 reps and a dozen sets of them. My energy levels were off the charts that day.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Eccentric personality, 69 years old), strength, MyBasement, easy workout, My muscles were on fire and I just couldn't stop. I squatted 620 pounds of dead weight 19 times, punching heavy bags until fatigue set in. 92 minutes of nonstop action, fueled only by my determination. My gym in the basement sure knows how to test your limits, with the heavy metal music bleeping in the background.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Eccentric personality, 69 years old), cardio, Park, easy workout, I ran across the Park on a boring afternoon, feeling so free I could sing. The sun was shining bright and the wind was blowing lightly. The scenery was beautiful with trees all around and flowers in full bloom. My legs were still hurting when I finished my run.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Kind-hearted personality, 66 years old), walk, park near my house, easy workout, my daughter and I do a daily walk  and sometimes we make it a challenge and try to beat our previous time/distance.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, introspective personality, 73 years old), strength, Home Gym, easy workout, Did low impact cardio and weight lifting. Focused on legs and arms.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, introspective personality, 73 years old), cardio, Park, easy workout, Took a brisk walk around the park; also added some light jogging. Had to stop several times due to the heat.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, introspective personality, 73 years old), strength, Home Gym, easy workout, Focused on upper body muscles with a combination of compound exercises. Added some cardio as well.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, introspective personality, 73 years old), strength, Home Gym, easy workout, Did full body workout with focus on deadlifts and hip thrusters. Incorporated some interval training as well. Did cardio for 10 minutes after the lifting.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Energetic personality, 44 years old), cardio, gym, easy workout, Caught up on episodes of The Crown while on the treadmill
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Energetic personality, 44 years old), strength, home, easy workout, Did some heavy lifting with my trainer
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Energetic personality, 44 years old), cardio, park, easy workout, Tested my endurance on the elliptical
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Energetic personality, 44 years old), cardio, gym, easy workout, Did cardio workout during lunch hour and killer ab circuits later in the day
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Ambitious personality, 71 years old), strength, home gym, easy workout, 1: BenchPress  6 chest workouts
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Ambitious personality, 71 years old), cardio, local gym, easy workout, Running 3 mi.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Ambitious personality, 71 years old), strength, home gym, easy workout, 2 sets deadlift. 1 compound set: 345 lbs,1 straight set:135,165,180 lbs.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Ambitious personality, 71 years old), cardio, local park, easy workout, Bike16 mi (30 mi/hr), 179 bpm
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Curious personality, 82 years old), cardio, Gym, easy workout, Used equipment for Cardio and Strength
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, curious personality, 96 years old), strength, gym at home, easy workout, Did a full body workout using my own bodyweight. Reps increase with each set starting at 12 reps and going up to 17 reps by the 5th set. Increased my workload without much difficulty!
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, curious personality, 96 years old), cardio, park near my house, easy workout, Went for a run in the park. It was a struggle towards the end but I persevered 
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, curious personality, 96 years old), strength, gym at home, easy workout, Did a full body workout with compound exercises to work on increasing strength in all major muscle groups. I felt stronger by the end!
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, curious personality, 96 years old), cardio, treadmill at home, easy workout, Went for a run on the treadmill. This time I was feeling more fatigued and I struggled to finish, but I didn`t give up.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, creative personality, 66 years old), strength, gym, easy workout, Feeling really strong today! Uploaded some heavy weights.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, creative personality, 66 years old), cardio, running trail, easy workout, Nice sunset!
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, creative personality, 66 years old), strength, yoga studio, easy workout, Felt great after this class!
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Creative personality, 36 years old), cardio, Health Club, easy workout, I spent an hour on the elliptical with intervals of high speed and resistance. 
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Creative personality, 36 years old), strength, Home, easy workout, I did bench presses and squats at home. I struggled with squats but was able to do them. 
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, adventurous personality, 45 years old), cardio, home treadmill, easy workout, Worked out really hard and sweated a lot. Burned 400+ calories.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Wise personality, 68 years old), strength, Chinook, easy workout, I did an outdoor strength workout with free weights. The weight lifted and the reps were both challenging but I pushed through and felt great afterwards. It was sunny and breezy outside which made it pleasant to workout.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Wise personality, 68 years old), cardio, Chinook, easy workout, I went on a long bike ride along the river and enjoyed the scenery. It was a great chance to get some fresh air and clear my mind. The ride was challenging at parts but I finished strong and felt great afterwards. Didn't have any problems with my joints which was a relief
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Wise personality, 68 years old), strength, at home, easy workout, I did a body weight strength workout routine at home which was challenging but I am seeing good progress. Focused on upper body using exercises like push-ups and pulldowns. It was great to not deal with the gym chaos and have my own workout plan. Really got my heart rate up.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Wise personality, 68 years old), cardio, local park, easy workout, I had a challenging game of tennis with a friend on the courts. It was great competition but I had to push hard to keep up and was drenched in sweat by the end. It felt rewarding to play such a strenuous game and hold up well. Planning on going back next week.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Energetic personality, 72 years old), cardio, gym, easy workout, Used the elliptical for 30 minutes and did some light resistance bands exercises for triceps and biceps.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Energetic personality, 72 years old), cardio, hiking trail, easy workout, Went on a challenging hike while on vacation in Hawaii. Had to take several breaks since it was so steep.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Energetic personality, 72 years old), strength, home gym, easy workout, Did a challenging strength training workout targeting upper and lower body. Felt tired but energized after.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Energetic personality, 72 years old), cardio, yoga studio, easy workout, Did an early morning yoga class with a beginner friendly flow. Felt refreshed after.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Passionate personality, 35 years old), cardio, At Home, easy workout, Did an high intensity cardio workout following a 30 day challengeshouting free weights, and dumbbells.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Passionate personality, 35 years old), strength, Gym, easy workout, Did a tough bodybuilding workout focusing on my abs and my chest!
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Passionate personality, 35 years old), cardio, Outdoors, easy workout, Did a low intensity cardio workout with intervals, followed by some stretching exercises. It was such a great day as it's rare that the sun is out during this time of year.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Passionate personality, 35 years old), strength, Gym, easy workout, Did a full body strength workout focusing on compound exercises!
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, creative personality, 96 years old), strength, Gym, easy workout, I could barely lift the weight but I still did it.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, creative personality, 96 years old), cardio, Beach, easy workout, I ran so fast and felt so good afterwards. The scenery also helped.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, passionate personality, 82 years old), cardio, gym, easy workout, Did a 30 minutes jog followed by 20 minutes on the rowing machine. 20 reps of bench press at 50% of maximum weight (160/2 = 80)
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, passionate personality, 82 years old), strength, gym, easy workout, Did a full body workout, which including bench press, squats, deadlifts, and pull-ups. I went to 35 kg weight stack. I also did an overhead press set with 32 kg dumbbells. It was quite difficult. I feel I may have been overtraining. Needs to improve nutrition and sleep.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Determined personality, 64 years old), strength, At the gym., easy workout, Strength training. Squats, bench presses, and deadlifts. Focused on breathing techniques to improve endurance.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Determined personality, 64 years old), cardio, At the park., easy workout, Cardio training. Ran a 5K, focused on improving pace and breathing techniques.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Determined personality, 64 years old), strength, Home gym., easy workout, Strength training. Pull-ups, push-ups, and lunges. Focused on perfecting form.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Eccentric personality, 61 years old), cardio, Gym, easy workout, I did my normal cardio routine that included 20 minutes on the stationary bike followed by 15 minutes on the treadmill at a moderate speed. I also did some light weightlifting and a short stretching routine.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Eccentric personality, 61 years old), strength, Pool, easy workout, I hit the pool for laps and some simple weightlifting exercises. It was difficult but I pushed myself and saw great results.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Eccentric personality, 61 years old), cardio, Home, easy workout, I did a simple cardio routine at home that included jumping jacks, jump rope and running in place. I also did some light stretching and bodyweight exercises. It wasn't very difficult but it got me moving and feeling good.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Eccentric personality, 61 years old), strength, Gym, easy workout, I hit the gym with weights focusing on my upper body. It was difficult but I saw some great results. My arms and chest were sore for days.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Creative personality, 30 years old), strength, gym, easy workout, I focused on using machines and working out all parts of my body equally. I tried some new exercises to keep things interesting.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Creative personality, 30 years old), cardio, outdoors, easy workout, I went out for a long run in the park. I noticed that it was getting harder to catch my breath and I felt fatigued. Need to push myself more!
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Creative personality, 30 years old), strength, gym, easy workout, I did a superset workout. I worked on my arms one set one rest. I made sure to rest adequately so as not to cause injury.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Creative personality, 30 years old), cardio, outdoors, easy workout, I went for a walk in the park. It was a nice sunny day. Enjoyed the sights and sounds of nature. Did some stretching as well to looen up after days at a desk.,            
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, curious personality, 80 years old), cardio, outdoors, easy workout, I was feeling so good after just one week of consistent cardio. I was able to go farther and faster than I was last week.  
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, curious personality, 80 years old), strength, gym, easy workout, I felt exhausted after lifting heavier weights. My muscles were really sore for the next few days. 
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, curious personality, 80 years old), cardio, outdoors, easy workout, I felt so proud of myself after jogging up the hill with ease. My endurance has really improved since I started running regularly. 
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, curious personality, 80 years old), strength, gym, easy workout, I felt so comfortable working out heavy weights and I was able to do more reps than usual. It felt great to see such progress after consistently lifting weights. 
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Analytical personality, 85 years old), walk, Home, easy workout, Involved 10 minute warm-up.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Analytical personality, 85 years old), bike, Bike Trail, easy workout, Copied from Strava API.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Analytical personality, 85 years old), strength, Gym, easy workout, Towel on towel on towel.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Analytical personality, 85 years old), run, Park, easy workout, Involved 5 minute warm-up and cooldown.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, creative personality, 30 years old), strength, gym, easy workout, Today was tough but still enjoyed myself at the gym. I did my usual sets of back squats, bench press, pull ups, leg press, and also did some cardio on the treadmill. I felt a little sore and tired but pushed myself hard. Overall, today was a great workout that felt challenging but productive. Weights were not as heavy as I would have liked but that's perfectly fine. My legs were sore yesterday from sprints so I took it easy there but focused on my upper body.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, creative personality, 30 years old), cardio, outdoor track, easy workout, Today, I ran 5 km on the outdoor track. The weather was nice  not and it was cool to get some fresh air. I didn't go full speed because I'm still working on my endurance but I ran at a comfortable pace. Overall, the workout today was a good sweat and felt challenging towards the end. I finished with about 10-minute jog to cool down. I'm happy with the progress so far and looking to push myself harder.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, creative personality, 30 years old), strength, gym, easy workout, Back at the gym for more strength workouts. Today's workout was focused on deadlifts, bench press, pull-ups, rows, and legs. I felt good during each set and was able to do some reps with heavier weights. Overall it was a good workout but at some point, I felt that weight was kind of heavy so took few breaks here and there. By the end of workout, I was feeling bit exhausted, yet happy and content feeling.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, creative personality, 30 years old), cardio, outdoor track, easy workout, Today's workout was another run on the outdoor track where I continued work on my endurance. This time, I ran for 5.5 km and felt pretty good. The weather was great and I kept pushing myself throughout. As I was running, it felt like I could go longer but didn't want to push too hard. Overall, the whole workout session was really enjoyable and satisfying. Can't wait for the next one.!
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Energetic personality, 99 years old), cardio, gym/treadmill, easy workout, Feeling good with today's workout. 1 hour felt like it went by fast.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Energetic personality, 99 years old), strength, gym/workout bench / workout machine, easy workout, Leg day! Felt intense, but I loved it. Could feel my glutes, legs, and core engaged. 💪
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Curious personality, 35 years old), cardio, home  , easy workout, Training for my next 10K run. I noticed I could not maintain above a 16min/mile pace, which concerns me. However, it has been difficult to get in enough training time due to work and family commitments. My body feels good overall, no pain or injuries at this point. Working on improving my core strength and agility during cardio training as well. Goal for next week is to complete another 10K at 15min/mile pace.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Curious personality, 35 years old), strength, gym.  , easy workout, Working with free weights. Focusing on legs and glutes. Incline back rows for 4 sets 10-12 reps with barbell. Trap bar squats for 4 sets 8-10 reps. Raising my reps and sets but keeping weight constant to work towards endurance. Back is fatiguing me but overall I'm feeling strong overall. Goal is to hit personal record for bench press next week. Excited to see where I am after two weeks of weights.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Empathetic personality, 48 years old), strength, Home gym, easy workout, Did the full body workout, focusing on strength building. Struggled to get through the last set of squats, but felt great achievement once done.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Empathetic personality, 48 years old), cardio, Park, easy workout, I took my daily run out in a nearby park. It was a great day with sunny weather and I enjoyed the view while burning some calories!
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Empathetic personality, 48 years old), cardio, CrossFit gym, easy workout, Today's WOD at CrossFit was intense. Felt like I wouldn't be able to finish, but dug deep and powered through! #strongertogether
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Curious personality, 64 years old), strength, Gym, easy workout, Worked on upper body muscles
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Curious personality, 64 years old), cardio, Indoor Cycling Studio, easy workout, GREAT HR workout
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Curious personality, 64 years old), strength, Home, easy workout, Walking Lunges and Squats
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Curious personality, 64 years old), cardio, Outdoor Cycling Class, easy workout, Nice morning ride. Beat my last time by a minute
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, creative personality, 82 years old), cardio, gym down the street, easy workout, I had a good session on the treadmill. I increased my speed 2x from last time and maintained it for a longer period. Felt great afterward.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, creative personality, 82 years old), strength, backyard, easy workout, I went hard on the bench press. Focused on engaging my core for stability. Could definitely feel the burn afterward.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, curmudgeonly personality, 71 years old), strength, Gym, easy workout, I started slow with the stationary bike for 10 minutes. Then, I hit the weights for arm curls and squats. Arm curls were my weakness, so I took lighter weights and focused on technique. I ended with box jumps and lunges, which were tough but felt good. I felt stronger and fitter today.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, curmudgeonly personality, 71 years old), cardio, Early morning jog outside, easy workout, I noticed the increase in my heart rate during the second mile, which concerned me a little. However, I felt like I was able to maintain an ideal pace throughout the course. My legs were throbbing in the final stretch, but I was determined to finish without walking. 
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, curmudgeonly personality, 71 years old), strength, Front yard, easy workout, I started with some dynamic stretching before moving into push-ups and planking. I could feel my heart racing, so I slowed down for a breathing exercise before trying pull-ups. They felt difficult but doable. I also tried some inverted rows, which I couldn't do without cheating. A full body workout, but I definitely felt like I could've done more. Warming up, I did do some bicep curls with dumbbells.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, curmudgeonly personality, 71 years old), cardio, I was stuck inside during a snowstorm so I did cardio on my elliptical trainer instead of outside., easy workout, I started with a light jog on the elliptical, gradually easing myself into it before cranking up the resistance. As the machine tracks my heart rate, I was able to maintain a consistent pace without feeling too tired or out of breath too quickly.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Introspective personality, 58 years old), strength, my basement gym, easy workout, I used resistance bands and my own body weight to perform my exercises today. It got pretty difficult towards the end, but I pushed through it
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Introspective personality, 58 years old), cardio, my neighborhood park, easy workout, It was a bit chilly today, but I still went for a run around my park. Half way through, I started feeling a bit winded but I just took a quick break and kept going. Despite the difficulty, I finished feeling accomplished!
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Resourceful personality, 72 years old), cardio, YMCA treadmill, easy workout, Treadmill cardio - avg speed + incline. Last 15 min at interval pace for max HR.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, curious personality, 84 years old), strength, home gym, easy workout, Did a moderate weight lifting workout. My favorite exercise is dumbbell squats.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, curious personality, 84 years old), cardio, treadmill, easy workout, Went on a long run outside. I felt great afterwards!
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, curious personality, 84 years old), cardio, swimming pool, easy workout, Had a challenging swimming workout today. I was exhausted, but felt great afterwards.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, curious personality, 84 years old), strength, home gym, easy workout, Did a weighted pull up workout today. My arms were burning by the end.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Introspective personality, 57 years old), walk, Home, easy workout, Start-off at baseline, and gradually increase daily
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Introspective personality, 57 years old), bike, Gym, easy workout, Maintain this pace for the entire 2 hours
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, dynamic personality, 26 years old), cardio, Himalayan Institute of Engineering and Technology, easy workout, Did a treadmill session for aerobic exercise, followed by some dumbbells, lunges, and crunches to target different muscle groups. I tried pushing myself a bit harder since my last exercise was a few days ago and wanted to challenge my fitness level.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, dynamic personality, 26 years old), strength, YMCA, easy workout, Trained upper body today, focusing on compound movements like benches, overhead presses, and rows. Did some weighted pull-ups and rope climbs for some added fun! Overall, it was a solid workout and I enjoyed spending time at the gym. 
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, dynamic personality, 26 years old), cardio, Gol Gumbadh, easy workout, Did an intense interval training session on the elliptical machine, combining short bursts of high-intensity cardio with longer rest periods. Felt it in my legs for a few days but knew it was worth it! The view from the gym was amazing, too.  
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, dynamic personality, 26 years old), strength, home gym, easy workout, Trained legs in the gym today since I love the way my legs feel after a leg workout. Did squats, lunges, deadlifts, and sprints to round it off. Really pushed myself today since my legs were feeling strong. It was an awesome session overall. 
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Analytical personality, 98 years old), cardio, outdoors, easy workout, Tough, long run. 4 sets of 5 reps with 190 lbs. Nice breeze running alongside water.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Analytical personality, 98 years old), strength, gym, easy workout, Did squats and pull-ups. Was more difficult than usual due to heavy weights.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Analytical personality, 98 years old), cardio, outdoors, easy workout, Insanely long run on steep hills. Felt I had to pause often. Cool weather helped. Ran with some college friends from school.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Determined personality, 94 years old), cardio, Home Gym, easy workout, Used the treadmill for 5 minutes at 3.5 MPH and then switched to the Elliptical for another 5 minutes at 30 RPM. Took short breaks occasionally to stay fresh but had a heart rate around 135 during hard parts. Followed up with an upper body lifting circuit of incline bench, curls, skull crushers, and flat bench at 12 reps X 8 sets, focusing on form and speed rather than weight. Was surprised how well I maintained my intensity despite the high number of reps! Had an all-around successful workout that left me feeling strong and motivated.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, creative personality, 46 years old), cardio, Home gym, easy workout, I did some interval training on the treadmill and followed it up with some bicep curls and bench presses. Things felt pretty easy in both lifts, but I still got in a good workout overall.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, creative personality, 46 years old), strength, Gym, easy workout, I did deadlifts and squats as the core of my workout, with some additional exercises like pull-ups and rows. It was definitely a tough workout, but I felt good after getting through it.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, creative personality, 46 years old), cardio, Home gym, easy workout, I started off doing 10 minutes of HIIT on the treadmill, then switched over to weightlifting. I focused on squats, doing sets of 16 at a heavier weight than usual. My legs were definitely feeling sore by the end, but I felt like I made some solid progress.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Ambitious personality, 37 years old), run, Home, easy workout, Today's workout was easy. I was able to run the whole time, and didn't feel winded at all. I had my heart rate monitor on and it stayed steady during the whole run. My children watched me run.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Ambitious personality, 37 years old), strength, Gym, easy workout, Today's workout was intense. I did a lot of squats and deadlifts, which really challenged my legs and core. I also did some lat pull-downs to work on my back and shoulders. I had trouble breathing after each set, but I pushed through.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Passionate personality, 91 years old), strength, Home Gym, easy workout, Did a challenging weightlifting workout yesterday. Worked up a sweat and pushed myself to my limit! Would love to see some improvement in my strength and endurance over the next few months.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Passionate personality, 91 years old), cardio, Outdoor Track, easy workout, Went for a long run on the track yesterday. Felt amazing to be out in the sun and fresh air! Trying to get in at least 20 miles per week.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Creative personality, 45 years old), cardio, Gym, easy workout, Great session today! I felt strong and could definitely feel my heart rate picking up during cardio.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Creative personality, 45 years old), strength, Home, easy workout, Man, my legs were burning today! It was hard, but was worth it to see the gains.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Creative personality, 45 years old), cardio, Gym, easy workout, I pushed myself to go for a longer run today! It was harder than usual, but I was able to push through.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Creative personality, 45 years old), strength, Gym, easy workout, I felt stronger than usual today! I was able to lift more weight than I normally do.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, adventurous personality, 69 years old), walk, local park, easy workout, I took time to enjoy the beautiful scenery along the way and it helped me forget about how heavy the weights were!
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, adventurous personality, 69 years old), strength, at home, easy workout, The squats were tough, my legs were on fire by the last rep.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, adventurous personality, 69 years old), bike, on the road, easy workout, My goal is to increase my distance every week. I'm glad I didn't push too hard today since my legs were still tired from yesterday's Squats. But even without much effort, I still made progress!
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, adventurous personality, 69 years old), run, on the treadmill, easy workout, It was a slow run for me today, but no matter what, I'm always grateful for the ability to run and enjoy the view of this beautiful city. My mind and my body have grown stronger because of exercising. What a blessing!
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, passionate personality, 49 years old), cardio, home office, easy workout, Today was Cardio Monday! I did a variety of body weight exercises that were primarily focused on cardio fitness. I also did some resistance training to tone my muscles. Despite the hot weather, I feel great after the workout and can't wait until my next Cardio Monday!
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, passionate personality, 49 years old), strength, new york, easy workout, On vacation and found a new gym to try. This was a very different atmosphere from my home gym.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, introspective personality, 66 years old), cardio, gym, easy workout, Squats and deadlifts for lower body. treadmill for walking
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, introspective personality, 66 years old), strength, home, easy workout, Lunges and pull-ups for lower body and upper body respectively
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, introspective personality, 66 years old), cardio, outdoors, easy workout, Interval training on the track. Did 16 rounds of sprinting and walking
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Energetic personality, 79 years old), strength, Gym, easy workout, I did a few different exercises, including a squat, lunge, and push press.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Passionate personality, 92 years old), cardio, Gym, easy workout, Followed a treadmill workout which targeted building endurance.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Passionate personality, 92 years old), strength, Gym, easy workout, Added new weights with low reps and high intensity while still incorporating cardio.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Passionate personality, 92 years old), cardio, Gym, easy workout, A mix of running and various exercises on the machines and free weights.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Passionate personality, 92 years old), strength, Gym, easy workout, Emphasis on stability exercises that helped improve overall core stability and balance.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Determined personality, 47 years old), strength, at a gym, easy workout, Burned off calories by lifting weights and doing lots of cardio moves. Kept my body fueled and hydrated throughout with protein shakes and water. Had an energy-boosting snack after to recover quickly.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Determined personality, 47 years old), cardio, outdoors, easy workout, I went for a running session and pushed myself to the limit. It wasn't easy, but I felt better afterwards. My mind and body felt refreshed, and the endorphins gave me a boost of energy.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, caring personality, 63 years old), walk, local park, easy workout, Great workout today! Felt good to get outside and move my legs after spending so much time sitting at work this week.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, caring personality, 63 years old), strength, gym, easy workout, Glad I pushed through today's workout even though I was feeling a bit weak. I had to concentrate on form to avoid injury, but it gave me a good workout today!
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, caring personality, 63 years old), bike, local trail, easy workout, I wasn't sure how much I'd be able to ride today, as I haven't biked in a while. But once I got going, I remembered how much I love being out on the trail. It was a beautiful day and a great workout.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Passionate personality, 59 years old), strength, gym, easy workout, Did a full body workout focusing on compound exercises. Finished with some static ab exercises.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Passionate personality, 59 years old), cardio, outdoors, easy workout, Went for a challenging run on the treadmill. Focused on increasing speed and incline.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Friendly personality, 73 years old), cardio, gym, easy workout, Completed treadmill workout with strength training exercises. 
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Friendly personality, 73 years old), strength, gym, easy workout, Finished free weight workout with high-Intensity circuit training.  
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Introverted personality, 25 years old), cardio, Park, easy workout, Ran for 6.6 km and did 22 reps of 15 lbs weight.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Introverted personality, 25 years old), strength, Gym, easy workout, Did some weight lifting and 5 reps of 5 sets for bench-pressing 175 lbs.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Introverted personality, 25 years old), strength, Gym, easy workout, Did some strength exercises as well as 18 reps of 17 lbs. weight and 16 sets of body weighs.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, innovative personality, 33 years old), strength, home gym, easy workout, My upper body weights and abs. did some heavy cardio. to shed pounds
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, innovative personality, 33 years old), cardio, local park, easy workout, Ran laps around a park. Legs and lungs burned good. I could have done more.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, innovative personality, 33 years old), strength, gym, easy workout, Bench pressing triples for 4 sets. Leg press and triceps training too. Last set was brutal.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Easygoing personality, 66 years old), strength, Gym, easy workout, Today, I started with a leg press workout, followed by some dumbbell rows, and finished with pull downs. I also completed some core exercises such as Russian twists and crunches at the end of my workout to work on a flat stomach.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Easygoing personality, 66 years old), cardio, Park, easy workout, I'm still working on improving my breathing while running today had some obstacles that made it difficult. At first I kept my speed but after a while, I struggled to keep up. However, once I got going again, I realized I was able to push myself a bit further than before..
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Easygoing personality, 66 years old), strength, Gym, easy workout, Deadlifts 3305lbs 3 x 12 x 3 Reps today went well I felt strong all throughout my workout and was able to execute the lifts smoothly. I focused on improving my form and making sure my technique was on point today. In addition to the deadlifts, I also worked on some pull ups to target my upper body. Overall it was a great workout and my muscles are feeling pumped!
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Resilient personality, 82 years old), cardio, at Home, easy workout, Did cardio on the treadmill again. The exercise wasn't as difficult as it had been in the past. I was able to maintain a higher average heart rate of 13. Completed 14015M on a 9 minute mile pace. Also did 3 sets of 12 reps of upper body exercises at home. Ended with leg presses of 26 and held for 1 minute.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Curious personality, 20 years old), cardio, Gym, easy workout, I was feeling very nervous for my first day of college. Thinking if everything was gonna be alright. Did a quick cardoit seems like for about 8k meters. Did a lightweight workout and burned about 400 calories.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Resilient personality, 49 years old), cardio, gym, easy workout, I did 30 minutes on the elliptical and some light weights. It was a good workout. I felt strong and capable. My average heart rate was 14. I weighted 17 pounds. I did 36 reps and four sets. I felt invigorated after the workout.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Resilient personality, 49 years old), strength, home, easy workout, I did some body weight exercises like push-ups, squats and lunges. It was a tough workout but I felt great afterward. My average heart rate was 93. I lifted 110 pounds. I did 24 reps and nine sets. I was feeling strong. 
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Resilient personality, 49 years old), cardio, gym, easy workout, I went for a long 8 km jog. I took things slow and steady. My average heart rate was 16. I weighed 136 pounds. I did five reps and one set. It was a good workout and I felt refreshed after it.  
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Passionate personality, 41 years old), strength, My Local Gym, easy workout, I did a quick strength workout, and though it was hard, it wasn't as tough as I would normally find it. My rep range was good, and I added some endurance exercises for an extra challenge.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Passionate personality, 41 years old), cardio, Running along the river, easy workout, I did a high intensity cardio workout by running. The run was challenging, but well worth it as it got my heart rate up and I was breathless by the end. The river was beautiful and I had a great time enjoying the view while running.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Passionate personality, 41 years old), cardio, Near my office, easy workout, I did a long distance cardio workout by biking uphill. I started from my office and made my way to the top of the nearby hill. It was incredibly difficult as the slope was pretty steep, but I powered through it and soon found I was getting stronger.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Passionate personality, 41 years old), strength, My Apartment Gym, easy workout, I did a strength training workout focused on my upper body. Though I didn't make it too challenging, I had an impressive workout and was able to get plenty of reps and sets done. My arms and chest were getting sore but it felt great!
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, curmudgeony personality, 75 years old), cardio, Home Gym, easy workout, Today's cardio workout was a struggle due to the heat in florida at the moment. However, I still managed to complete 16
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, curmudgeony personality, 75 years old), strength, Same, I know, easy workout, This strength training session was a doozy, but I love how sore it leaves me the next day.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Curious personality, 39 years old), run, in_the_park, easy workout, The heat slowed me down a bit, but I was able to push through.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Curious personality, 39 years old), strength, at_home, easy workout, Pushed my limits today. Feeling the burn.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Determined personality, 27 years old), cardio, Gym, easy workout, I did an hour of cardio, 6 sets of 8 reps at 64 lbs
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Determined personality, 27 years old), strength, Training room, easy workout, Did weighted pull-Ups with 69 lbs for max reps and hit 34 reps in one set. Also did 50 push ups and felt the burn
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Determined personality, 27 years old), strength, Park, easy workout, Did sprints for 45 secs with 50 secs break for max speed and did high jumps of 4 feet. Felt pretty good and intense
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Determined personality, 27 years old), cardio, Gym, easy workout, Did 7 sets of 14 reps at 16 lbs for curls. Focused on proper form and had a little burn
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Analytical personality, 39 years old), strength, Gym, easy workout, I did upper body exercises like bench press, overhead press, and bicep curls.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Analytical personality, 39 years old), cardio, Running Track, easy workout, This was a light jog, mostly to stretch my legs after spending the entire day s
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Analytical personality, 39 years old), strength, In Home Gym, easy workout, I did lower body exercises to work on my glutes, quads and calves.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Creative personality, 78 years old), cardio, at home, easy workout, Start with a 5 minute warmup, followed by 8 minutes of high intensity intervals separated by 2 minutes of rest. Then continue with 30 minutes of low intensity cardio on the treadmill, maintaining a consistent pace.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Creative personality, 78 years old), strength, at home, easy workout, Do 3 sets of 8 exercises each (leg press, shoulder press, bench press, dumbbell row, lateral raise, biceps curl, triceps extension, hammer curl), resting 30 seconds between sets. Aim to increase weight and decrease rest time gradually.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Creative personality, 78 years old), cardio, outside, easy workout, Run uphill for 3 minutes alternating with resting for 3 minutes downhill for 1 hour. Gradually increase time and intensity each week.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Creative personality, 78 years old), strength, yoga studio, easy workout, Do 3 sets of 7 yoga poses each (downward dog, warrior 1, warrior 2, tree pose, dancer, eagle, cobra), resting 20 seconds between poses. Also do 5 minutes of meditation at the end. Aim to increase poses and duration gradually.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, determined personality, 52 years old), strength, Home Gym, easy workout, Did an upper body workout with pull-ups, bench press, and bicep curls, followed by cardio on the Stairmaster. The workout felt difficult but rewarding.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, curious personality, 60 years old), cardio, Gym, easy workout, I did a long cardio session on the treadmill, which was pretty challenging. I burned around 568 calories and maintained an average heart rate of 120. During my weight training, I had 9 reps and 10 sets of the leg press for a weight of 90 pounds.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, ingenious personality, 57 years old), cardio, gym, easy workout, I rode the stationary bike for 34 minutes. It was a difficult workout but worth it; I burned 610 calories. I was riding at an avg HR of 12 but managed to go up to a max of 145bpm. Distance traveled was 6101 meters. Did 7 reps x 13 sets at 67 pounds.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, ingenious personality, 57 years old), strength, home, easy workout, I did an incline bench press with 181 pounds which is my max weight. Did sets of 7 reps x 13 sets for a total of 79 minutes. It was an intense workout but I was able to handle it. I was sweating profusely and ended up feeling great. Only had 26 reps which is lower than my previous max but I am proud of myself nonetheless. Did this workout at home.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, ingenious personality, 57 years old), cardio, outside, easy workout, I ran a 1 mile track. This was a difficult workout but I managed to push myself to go the extra mile. My average heart rate was 16 but I managed to maintain a steady pace. I ran 5600 meters in total which accounts for about 12994 meters at a lower average HR. Managed to run 11.4 miles in total which is a new personal best for me. It felt great to break my previous record. Did 9 sets of 31 reps. I felt strong in this workout.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Creative personality, 84 years old), cardio, Gym, easy workout, did a great job at hitting my goals today!
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Creative personality, 84 years old), strength, Home, easy workout, I loved the extra weights I used today,
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Creative personality, 84 years old), strength, Gym, easy workout, This workout was incredibly tough!
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Creative personality, 84 years old), cardio, Nature Trail, easy workout, Great hike today, but I'm feeling pretty tired afterward.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Easygoing personality, 73 years old), strength, Gym, easy workout, I performed 37 push-ups and 37 bench presses at 13 lbs each. I did 7 sets, 4 minutes each, with a break of 5 minutes between sets. My average heart rate was 82 and I burned 14,059 calories.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Easygoing personality, 73 years old), cardio, Jogging, easy workout, I went on a 10k run with an average heart rate of 95. My max heart rate was 160 and I burned 2115 calories.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Easygoing personality, 73 years old), strength, Gym, easy workout, I did 8 sets of bicep curls with 70 lbs each. I did some warming up excerices, and a few stretches at the end.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Easygoing personality, 73 years old), cardio, Swimming, easy workout, I went swimming for an entire hour and completed a total of 3896 yards. I swam 34 laps in total, which lasted for 6 miles.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, creative personality, 27 years old), run, Indoor, easy workout, I ran on the treadmill for 1 hour, burned 40 calories (according to the machine). On the elliptigo, I did 32 reps and 17 sets with a weight of 191 pounds. I felt pretty good overall but had some leg fatigue towards the end.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, creative personality, 27 years old), strength, Indoor, easy workout, I did upper body strength training focusing on chest, shoulders, and back. I did bench press, incline bench press, military press, and dumbbell flys. My arms feel fatigued now.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, motivated personality, 44 years old), strength, Skybox Gym, easy workout, Started with some pre-workout cardio on the treadmill, then moved onto the machines.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, motivated personality, 44 years old), cardio, Vision VALET Fitness Center, easy workout, I was feeling really sluggish during this workout. Had a hard time pushing through but managed to complete it. I focused on upping my game for next time.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, motivated personality, 44 years old), strength, Skybox Gym, easy workout, I've been working on my bench and have really noticed an improvement. I was able to push heavier weights and my form was good during today's workout.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, motivated personality, 44 years old), cardio, Vision VALET Fitness Center, easy workout, Completed this treadmill workout after weights today. It wasn't too difficult but helped me get some cardio in to burn off some extra calories.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, curious personality, 64 years old), cardio, Home Treadmill, easy workout, I took things slow and steady today because my hipwas feeling a bit sore. I did my routine cardio workout for 124 minutes on the treadmill, burning 803 meters distance. I also did weightlifting to tone my upper body, performing 16 reps for 17 sets weighing 86 pounds.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, curious personality, 64 years old), strength, Home Gym, easy workout, Working on building muscle mass in thesummer means hitting the gym every other day. Tonight, I did strengthexercises like deadlifts and bench press which were quite challenging.I lifted 3 sets each of 225 pounds 15 times on the bench pressand also did deadlift for a total of 8060 meters.I'm now quite tired and pumped! I hope to see some goodprogress by next week.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, curious personality, 64 years old), cardio, Local Trail, easy workout, Enjoying the benefits of my recent hiking trip, I took some time to go on an easy trek of a 10-mile loop which was really enjoyable. After, I did a strength training routine with my 20 lb dumbbells targeting my upper body. This workout consisted of performing squats, press throws and deadlifts.It's great fun to do some outdoor activity once in a while! I completed themoves for 3 sets each of 13 repetitions.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, I am ambitious. personality, 37 years old), cardio, Gym, easy workout, Went for an aerobic workout at the gym where I did treadmill running. I also performed some weightlifting movements later. Feeling good!
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, I am ambitious. personality, 37 years old), strength, Home Gym, easy workout, Training chest and triceps with some heavy bench presses and push downs. This was fairly routine and easy.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, I am ambitious. personality, 37 years old), cardio, Park, easy workout, Took a nice jog at the park. The weather was great out so it made it really enjoyable. I tried to push myself to go faster, but it wasn't too difficult.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, I am ambitious. personality, 37 years old), strength, Home Gym, easy workout, This workout was super challenging at times. I pushed my limits on squats and did deadlifts to failure. I also included some back work to balance things out. Overall, it was a grinder.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, curious personality, 39 years old), cardio, indoors, easy workout, I did an intense cardio workout on the treadclimber that included sprints and intervals.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, curious personality, 39 years old), strength, outdoors, easy workout, I did a bodyweight circuit in the park that focused on pull-ups and push-ups.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, curious personality, 39 years old), cardio, outdoors, easy workout, I went on a long hike in the mountains with a few friends.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Curious personality, 37 years old), strength, Gym, easy workout, Did my weekly leg day workout with squats, lunges, and deadlifts.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Curious personality, 37 years old), cardio, Running, easy workout, Ran a 10k with my dog, Zara. She loves to run and keeps me motivated.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Curious personality, 37 years old), cardio, HIIT Class, easy workout, Attended a high-intensity interval training (HIIT) class at my gym. It was really tough but I felt amazing afterward.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Curious personality, 37 years old), strength, Home, easy workout, did a chest workout at home with bench press and dumbbells. I felt pumped and excited for the next workout!
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, creative personality, 76 years old), cardio, my bedroom, easy workout, Walked uphill and downhill in my neighborhood. The incline was steep but it was definitely worth it.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, creative personality, 76 years old), strength, gym, easy workout, My arms are still sore from the weight lifting! I've been doing way more than what I used to do before. The instructor showed me new exercises that targeted my legs and abs. Love it.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, creative personality, 76 years old), cardio, jungle, easy workout, Did a short obstacle race in the jungle with my grandson. It was a challenge running on uneven terrain.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, passionate personality, 37 years old), cardio, Gym, easy workout, I did a hard cardio workout including intervals on the treadmill. I pushed myself hard for 76 minutes and averaged a heart rate of 15. I did 25 reps at 2 sets with a weight of 60 pounds. The workout was difficult but I'm happy with my progress.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, passionate personality, 37 years old), strength, Gym, easy workout, I did a strength workout focusing on my legs. My average heart rate was 85. I did around 17 reps for each set at a weight of 26 pounds. I did a single set due to the high intensity involved.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, passionate personality, 37 years old), cardio, Gym, easy workout, I did a cardio workout focusing on intervals on the rowing machine. My average heart rate was 16. I did around 20 reps for each set at a weight of 10 pounds. The workout was difficult but I feel good.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, passionate personality, 37 years old), strength, Basketball Court, easy workout, I did a strength workout focusing on my upper body using weights. My average heart rate was 73. I did 18 reps for each set at a weight of 213 pounds. I did 20 sets in total. The workout was difficult but worth it.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, creative personality, 95 years old), strength, Gym, easy workout, Lifted weights for legs, abs and chest. Felt good!
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, creative personality, 95 years old), cardio, Outdoor Run, easy workout, Ran 5km outside in the park. Legs were getting tired by the end, but felt good overall!
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, creative personality, 95 years old), strength, Gym, easy workout, Could only perform 5 reps for the first set due to muscle fatigue. Gradually increased reps, but still felt challenging. Was able to maintain average heart rate around 90 for majority of the workout. Feeling sore, but motivated for the next workout!
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, creative personality, 95 years old), cardio, Cycling Studio, easy workout, Attended a Spin class at the gym for the first time. Kept my pace high which was challenging but felt great after!
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, passionate personality, 76 years old), cardio, Gym, easy workout, I am starting my workout program slowly to let my body getting used to this physical activity.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, passionate personality, 76 years old), strength, Home Gym, easy workout, I am still working to improve my strength. My goal is to be able to lift 100 pounds by the end of the year. I also want to lose weight fast.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, passionate personality, 76 years old), cardio, Neighborhood Path, easy workout, I am trying to work on my endurance. I was huffing and puffing while running for 30 minutes. After a month of running, my progress is starting to show.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, passionate personality, 76 years old), strength, Gym, easy workout, I am getting better at doing bicep curls. My goal is to reach 25 reps for three sets to increase my arm strength.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, experienced personality, 73 years old), cardio, I walked around the neighborhood with my wife this morning, easy workout, I haven't done this much cardio in a long time but it was definitely a good workout. It was nice to get some fresh air and spend time with my wife.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, experienced personality, 73 years old), strength, I went to the gym and did some bench, squats, and deadlift., easy workout, The weights were felt heavy but I got through it and saw some good progress today. It's always satisfying being able to lift more weight or get more reps than last time.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, experienced personality, 73 years old), cardio, I ran on the treadmill for 5 miles., easy workout, It was harder than normal today which I guess is to be expected since it's been a while since I've run. But it was a good workout to get my heart rate up and sweating the stress away.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, experienced personality, 73 years old), strength, I did some plyometrics to work on my explosiveness., easy workout, The exercises were intense but I felt like I had a good workout today. I've been doing these kinds of exercises with a focus on explosiveness for a few weeks now and I'm already seeing improvement. Feels great to be working toward my goal of being stronger and faster.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Resourceful personality, 47 years old), cardio, Home gym, easy workout, I used an elliptical machine for 30 minutes. Then I did 26 reps and 20 sets of weighted lunges with 50 pounds. Finally, I spent 6 minutes doing planks with the medicine ball. The workout was hard because of the weight on the squats. My heart rate stayed around 149 beats per minute.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Resourceful personality, 47 years old), strength, Crossfit gym, easy workout, I did some squats, deadlifts, and pull-ups. It was a hard workout, especially because of the weight I was lifting. I was breathing heavy and my muscles were burning. My heart rate got up to 156 beats per minute during the workout.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Resourceful personality, 47 years old), cardio, Run outside, easy workout, I went on a long run outside. It was a nice run and I enjoyed the scenery. My heart rate stayed around 129 beats per minute during the run. I was still able to hold conversations with people as I ran. That was a testament to how easy it was. Overall, an enjoyable workout.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, passionate personality, 42 years old), cardio, gym down the street, easy workout, Treadmill was broken so I ran outside. The weather was nice and I was able to enjoy the scenery. My lungs and legs were burning for much of the run.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, passionate personality, 42 years old), strength, home gym, easy workout, I felt strong and had good form throughout my exercises. I was particularly proud of my bench press sets in which I increased the weight from last week.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Analytical personality, 41 years old), strength, gym, easy workout, I mostly focused on upper body exercises like bench presses, incline bench presses and pull ups. Did some lower body exercises like squats and deadlifts as well. Felt quite tired after the workout, but I'm feeling stronger each week.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Analytical personality, 41 years old), cardio, running, easy workout, I ran for 30 minutes, did some squats and sit ups. Wasn't too hard but felt good to get some exercise in. It was my first time running outside since the snow melted.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Analytical personality, 41 years old), cardio, rowing machine, easy workout, I did several intervals of intense rowing followed by short breaks. It was really hard but I felt amazing after. It was the first time I had ever used the rowing machine. I really felt like I was pushing myself.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Analytical personality, 41 years old), cardio, spin bike, easy workout, I tried an indoor cycling class for the first time. It was not challenging but it was fun and a good workout. Think I'll try it again some time.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Sarcastic personality, 88 years old), strength, gym, easy workout, Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. 
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Sarcastic personality, 88 years old), cardio, park, easy workout, Sed iaculis mauris non turpis malesuada commodo. Donec vitae iaculastum. Suspendisse convallis, tellus a sagittis dapibus, tellus quam tincidunt turpis, nec bibendum tellus magna, non imperdiet velit quam eu odio.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Sarcastic personality, 88 years old), strength, gym, easy workout, Nulla lectus nec est bibendum ultricies. Duis dignissim tortor ut justo. Phasellus auctor velit id justo scelerisque, non fringilla velit. Quisque vel aliquet ipsum.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Sarcastic personality, 88 years old), cardio, riverwalk, easy workout, Duis tristique pellentesque turpis et ultricies dui. Pellentesque dolor in lorem. Integer nulla augue, pone imperdiet turpis ac, auctor fringilla tortor.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Intelligent personality, 21 years old), cardio, Gym, easy workout, Great workout!
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Intelligent personality, 21 years old), strength, Home, easy workout, I managed to do some heavy squats.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Intelligent personality, 21 years old), strength, Bootcamp class, easy workout, I was able to do a few more pull-ups!
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Curious personality, 97 years old), cardio, in my apartment gym, easy workout, Mostly just did some basic cardio to see how my body is feeling. Keeping a light weight and doing moderate intensity training. I got in a good sweat and felt good afterwards.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Creative personality, 40 years old), cardio, YMCA Downtown Manhattan, easy workout, Go for a run around Battery Park and tried to beat my previous time. 2 mi in 16 min.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Creative personality, 40 years old), strength, Weightlifting Gym, easy workout, Did back squats and dead lifts, felt like I had a great workout
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Enigmatic personality, 93 years old), cardio, Gym, easy workout, I did some cardiovascular exercises and some light weight lifting. I'm currently focusing on toning up my arms so I can look good during my Halloween costume. Overall my workout was enjoyable and I was able to keep a consistent pace even though I've had a busy week.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Enigmatic personality, 93 years old), strength, Outdoor, easy workout, I went on a trail run with my husband. It was challenging, but I loved getting to explore new trails. The view was beautiful, but also made the climbs steep and tough. Despite this, I managed to push through and finish the run feeling strong.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, adventurous personality, 81 years old), cardio, Gym, easy workout, Played half an hour of badminton. Burned some calories but was too short-breathed to keep going and had to sit down. Took a break in the locker room, drank some water, played on my phone for a bit, then tried lifting weights for 10 minutes. Finished with a good stretch but didn’t do any planks.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, adventurous personality, 81 years old), cardio, Outdoor, easy workout, Took a scenic hike in the mountains, the air was crisp and fresh. Couldn’t resist snapchatting some gorgeous views. Started off feeling a bit huffing and puffing but eventually found my rhythm. Got some vitamin D while I was at it!
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, creative personality, 35 years old), cardio, at the gym, easy workout, I did an hour of cardio on the treadmill. I usually do high intensity interval training but today I did a steady state run to get some mood relief
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, creative personality, 35 years old), strength, at the gym, easy workout, I got some quality lifting in today, really felt strong and supported by my body in the process. My strength has been improving gradually over the past few months but I can feel that the consistency is paying off !
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Outgoing personality, 30 years old), cardio, Gym, easy workout, Great job today! Did a high intensity cardio exercise and stuck to my diet plan for the most part.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Outgoing personality, 30 years old), strength, Home gym, easy workout, Felt really challenged during today's workout. Glad I pushed myself though, got some good gains!
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Introspective personality, 31 years old), cardio, my hometown park, easy workout, Felt great after the workout! I noticed a difference in my endurance this time around. I also tried a new type of cardio that I haven't done before.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Determined personality, 33 years old), cardio, Livestrong.com, easy workout, Today's was tough and I didn't push myself as hard as I could. My average heart rate was only 17, and I only completed 17 sets and 22 reps. Next time, I need to push harder and do more reps and sets.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Determined personality, 33 years old), strength, Gym, easy workout, The strength workout yesterday was challenging but not too difficult. I completed 6 sets and 37 reps with a weight of 153 pounds. My heart rate kept going up even though I was doing my best to control it. My endurance needs some improvement, but my technique is good.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Determined personality, 33 years old), cardio, Treadmill, easy workout, Yesterday's cardio workout was tough!
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Determined personality, 33 years old), strength, MyHomeGym, easy workout, Today's strength workout was not too challenging. I completed 2 sets and 22 reps.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Curious personality, 75 years old), cardio, Home Gym, easy workout, I used the elliptical for 30 minutes at a moderate intensity, focusing on my legs and glutes. I combined this with a weight lifting routine of my own design, working on my arms and core. It was tough at times, but I pushed through and felt good afterwards. Overall, it was a solid workout that left me feeling strong and capable.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, creative personality, 41 years old), cardio, home gym, easy workout, My cardio session today was a run inside my treadmill. I capped it on high setting for 70 minutes, covering a distance of 10,907 meters. After the run, I did resistance training with dumbbells, focusing on upper body exercises. It was a light workout to give my core time to rest and recover after the intense cardio.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, outgoing personality, 43 years old), cardio, Home treadmill, easy workout, Did treadmill sprint intervals for 45 minutes. Sweated like crazy. Burned 800 calories.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, outgoing personality, 43 years old), strength, Gym, easy workout, Completed five rounds of 20 reps each on bench press, squats and deadlifts, targeting legs and back. Felt strong and powerful.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, creative personality, 81 years old), cardio, Gym at my apartment building, easy workout, Just completed 55 minutes of cardio at my local gym.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Curious personality, 46 years old), strength, my home gym, easy workout, I did my usual leg day routine - squats, deadlifts, leg press, and curls - followed by some stretching.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, creative personality, 40 years old), cardio, Little Tokyo, easy workout, I went for a run in Little Tokyo for my cardio workout. I cranked up the tempo on my playlist to get myself pumped up. At the end, I did some resistance training with my own body weight.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, creative personality, 40 years old), strength, Home, easy workout, I hit the gym and did strength training at home. I focused on my legs and did squats and lunges. It was pretty challenging, but I could feel the soreness the next day - which means it was working.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, creative personality, 40 years old), cardio, Mountain Hike, easy workout, I wanted to get some fresh air and go for a hike in the mountains. Even though it was tiring, it was a bit of an easier walk than the last hike I went on. But the views were worth it - I saw some exotic birds and even got to see a waterfall!
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, creative personality, 49 years old), cardio, gym, easy workout, I did 30 minutes of cardio on the treadmill and then did some weights. I did 3 sets of 15 reps with a weight of 93 pounds for all exercises.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, creative personality, 49 years old), cardio, outdoors, easy workout, I went for a run in the park. It was pretty difficult because of the hills. I only have 6 exercises with weights
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, creative personality, 49 years old), strength, outdoors, easy workout, I did a circuit workout using only body resistance, no weights. Exercises included push-ups, sit-ups, lunges, and burpees.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, creative personality, 59 years old), run, local community park, easy workout, I ran for 5 days in my community park with my friends. I also did 10 sets of 24 reps with a weight of 27 pounds. Overall, I had a great workout with a distance of approximately 947 meters.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, creative personality, 59 years old), strength, local gym, easy workout, I challenged myself and did strength exercises. I lifted a weight of 72 kg. for 3 sets of 15 reps. I felt exhausted but good after the workout
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Creative personality, 47 years old), cardio, Gym, easy workout, Good workout today!
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Creative personality, 47 years old), strength, Mass, easy workout, Completed deadlifts today. My muscles still feel sore!
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Resilient personality, 78 years old), cardio, Gym, easy workout, Treadmill training for upcoming half marathon
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Resilient personality, 78 years old), strength, Home, easy workout, Strength training at home
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Resilient personality, 78 years old), cardio, Pool, easy workout, Pool Aerobics
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, adventurous personality, 86 years old), cardio, home gym, easy workout, I started with a 10 minute warm up on the stationary bike, then did a 61 minute workout on the elliptical at a moderate pace.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, curious personality, 78 years old), cardio, Outdoor, easy workout, Used an elliptical machine at a nearby gym.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, curious personality, 78 years old), strength, Indoor, easy workout, Completed an upper body workout routine including bench presses and bicep curls at the gym. Used weights equivalent to 50% of my total weight capacity.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, curious personality, 78 years old), cardio, Outdoor, easy workout, Completed a high intensity interval workout involving running and walking on the treadmill at the gym. I used a target heart rate of 85% max during each running interval.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, curious personality, 78 years old), strength, Indoor, easy workout, Did a leg workout that focused on squats, leg presses and lunges at the gym. Included active recovery periods with 60 second reps of starter jacks.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Creative personality, 80 years old), walk, beach, easy workout, I walked for 30 minutes today, and it didn't feel too difficult. Even though last week at the exact same place it felt very challenging. My distance covered for today was a little less than last time probably due to some construction activity taking place on some parts of the route.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Creative personality, 80 years old), run, park, easy workout, Today, I ran for 30 minutes at the park. It was not too tough, but towards the end, I felt I was pushing myself a little. My heart rate was not too high, and I was able to maintain a steady pace throughout the run. 
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Creative personality, 80 years old), strength, gym, easy workout, It's always great to workout at the gym after a long time. Even though my body feels tired, I always push myself to workout and give my best towards my fitness goals. This is why I decided to focus on strength training to build up some muscle strength and endurance. The workout session was intense, and I could feel the difference, particularly for those sets dedicated to abs and lowerbody exercises. But I wasn't able to maintain for the maximum number of reps which had I had been earlier in similar routines.  Overall, it was definitely challenging, but it was worth in terms of what I see as improvements.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, kind personality, 94 years old), strength, Gym, easy workout, I enjoyed a strength training workout at the gym yesterday. My favorite exercise is deadlifts because it works my legs and glutes so hard. I was able to do 23 reps with 107 pounds for 17 sets! I also did some high-intensity interval training cardio work, including running on the treadmill for a total of 6764 meters.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, kind personality, 94 years old), cardio, Outdoors, easy workout, I went out for a challenging run on a hilly trail today! I didn’t know if I could make it through the entire course, but I pushed myself and completed the entire thing with a total distance of 13918 meters. My heart rate averaged around 86 beats per minute, which is higher than usual for me, but I know I can work on improving that over time.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, curious personality, 63 years old), strength, gym, easy workout, I did 3 sets of squats for 12 reps each with an average heart rate of 10, with weights totaling 214 pounds, while burning about 145 calories for a duration of 27 minutes at my local gym. It was a fairly easy workout for me as I'm used to weight lifting, but it did leave my thighs feeling slightly sore the next day. Overall I enjoyed the workout and felt like it was the perfect way to kickoff my day.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, curious personality, 63 years old), cardio, outdoors, easy workout, I went on a challenging run outside, which had an average heart rate of 14. It was approximately 5 miles, with a fairly strenuous pace and several hills. I did 9 sets of 15 reps for a total of 543 meters of uphills running on the incline trainer, and did not use any weights. Unfortunately, the weather wasn't ideal for running as it was somewhat hot and humid and my shirt remained soaked for the duration of my workout, but nonetheless, I still enjoyed myself. It felt good to get outside, especially after being stuck in an office for the majority of the week.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, curious personality, 63 years old), strength, gym, easy workout, I did 11 sets of pull-ups for 28 repetitions each with an average heart rate of 12, burning about 230 calories and using a weight of 46 pounds on my entire upper body. This workout left me extremely sore for the next few days, particularly in my lats, but I enjoyed pushing myself to my limits and testing my strength capabilities. However, because I was so sore afterward, I did not participate in any other physical activities for the next 24 hours. Overall, I felt like this was a great strength workout that targeted key areas of my upper body.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, curious personality, 72 years old), cardio, Gym, easy workout, I went for a nice long jog on the treadmill. I also did some weight lifting and toning exercises for my arms and legs. The only thing that was a bit challenging was holding the plank position for 1 minute.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, curious personality, 72 years old), strength, Gym, easy workout, I did a lot of heavy lifting exercises for my legs and glutes. I also did some high intensity sprints on the treadmill. Although intense, it was a fantastic workout. My muscles are feeling a bit sore today but it's a good kind of pain.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, curious personality, 72 years old), cardio, Gym, easy workout, I went for a nice long bike ride on the spin bike. Although I was a bit sore from my previous workout, I was able to complete my usual routine without much issue. My heart rate was under control and I felt good overall.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, curious personality, 72 years old), cardio, Gym, easy workout, I did some light jogging on the treadmill and then did a lot of strength exercises for my arms and legs. While cardio is still important, I'm slowly shifting towards focusing more on strength training as I age. I feel both strong and tired after this workout, but in a good way. My muscles are getting stronger!
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Kind personality, 82 years old), strength, my, easy workout, Great workout, but felt sluggish during the last few sets.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Kind personality, 82 years old), cardio, local park, easy workout, Tough run but the weather was perfect.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Kind personality, 82 years old), strength, my home gym, easy workout, Did some leg presses with heavy weights and felt strong.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, curious personality, 39 years old), cardio, Gym, easy workout, Did a 30 minute cardio workout on the treadmill. Followed by some weight lifting.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Analytical personality, 90 years old), cardio, FitOne Gym, easy workout, Cardio session on the treadmill - felt quite difficult but managed to keep going. Kept track of average heart rate for the duration. Did 3 sets of 16 reps for each exercise with weights between 155-160lbs
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Ambitious personality, 21 years old), cardio, Gym, easy workout, I did some cardio on the treadmill to warm up.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Ambitious personality, 21 years old), strength, Gym, easy workout, Started with some bench presses followed by some hip thrusts.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Ambitious personality, 21 years old), cardio, Outdoor, easy workout, I took a jog near my house.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Ambitious personality, 21 years old), cardio, Beach, easy workout, After my run, I did kettlebell swings.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, curious personality, 58 years old), cardio, Downtown, easy workout, My longest bike ride yet! Started out slow for the first 5 minutes and then picked up the pace. Almost made it to the park, but had to turn back due to the heat. Did some ab work and some stretching after the ride.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, curious personality, 58 years old), strength, Home, easy workout, I focused on leg exercises this time - deadlifts and leg presses. Started out with lighter weights for 4 sets of 10 reps and then progressed to heavier weights for the remaining sets. Can definitely feel it the next day!
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, curious personality, 58 years old), cardio, Home, easy workout, I ran on the treadmill while I was watching a movie. Started out with a warm-up for 5 minutes, then ran for 30 minutes at a comfortable pace. I usually run at 6 mph but today I decreased the speed to 5 mph because it's been so hot lately. Could feel my shoulders burning toward the end, which is a good sign that it's working!
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, passionate personality, 19 years old), cardio, local gym, easy workout, Today was a great day for cardio. I managed to beat my personal best with running 3162 meters. I felt strong and motivated!
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, passionate personality, 19 years old), strength, personal home gym, easy workout, Today's strength session was intense. One of my personal favorites, squats, really burned my muscles - but I loved it! I increased my weight from 120 to 122 pounds, which I'm really proud of.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, passionate personality, 19 years old), cardio, local park, easy workout, Today's stairs climbing challenge was tough. I climbed up and down 29 flights of stairs (with a weight of 78 pounds) for a duration of 14 min. My heart rate was at an average of 15 beats per minute, which is lower than I expected. Nevertheless, my legs were burning and I felt I gave it my all!
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, passionate personality, 19 years old), cardio, local bike rental shop, easy workout, Today I borrowed a bike and went for a long leisurely ride through the city. The ride was beautiful and relaxing. Biking is my version of meditation and I always come back feeling rejuvenated. 
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Curious personality, 49 years old), cardio, Gym, easy workout, I started a new workout routine based on high-intensity interval training (HIIT) to lose weight and build endurance. The workout focused on cardiovascular exercise such as running and cycling, alternating with short bursts of intense exercise. The routine was challenging but I felt good after finishing it.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Curious personality, 49 years old), strength, Home, easy workout, I did squats and lunges using bodyweight only, since I don't have a gym at home. This workout is definitely more challenging than last time, but I love the feeling of accomplishment after completing it.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Curious personality, 49 years old), cardio, Park, easy workout, I did high intensity interval training (HIIT) outdoors which included sprints and jumps. It was tough but the fresh air and beautiful view helped me push through.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Curious personality, 49 years old), strength, Gym, easy workout, I did three sets of deadlifts and leg press machines for 30 reps each. The goal was to increase lower body strength and endurance, so the weight was moderate. The workout was challenging but doable.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Ambitious personality, 84 years old), cardio, gym, easy workout, Started with a few laps on the treadmill for cardio, then moved on to weightlifting. Did 22 reps of 50 pounds dumbbell rows for 3 sets each. Ended with some sit-ups and push-ups.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Ambitious personality, 84 years old), strength, gym, easy workout, Training for my bodyweight workout in the park. Did my max reps of weighted pull-ups (5), bench presses (71lbs), and incline bench presses (7lbs), and leg presses.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Ambitious personality, 88 years old), strength, Gym, easy workout, I did a strength workout focusing on my chest, legs, and arms.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Introverted personality, 96 years old), cardio, treadmill, easy workout, Did a 60 minute run last night and felt good. Was sore but able to push through.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, quiet personality, 66 years old), cardio, home, easy workout, Did cardio for 30 minutes on the elliptical machine. It was a light workout.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, quiet personality, 66 years old), strength, gym, easy workout, Did strength training with heavier weights. It was challenging, but I still maintained good form.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, quiet personality, 66 years old), cardio, treadmill, easy workout, Did cardio on the treadmill for an hour. It was easy workout.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Introspective personality, 38 years old), strength, Home, easy workout, Did a great workout but felt a little lightheaded after
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Adaptable personality, 49 years old), strength, home gym, easy workout, I did a full body workout consisting of bench press 12, 12, 12 reps each set (80LB), overhead press 12, 12, 12 reps each set (40, 45, 50LB), rows 12, 12, 12 reps each set (75LB), squats 10, 9, 7 reps (80LB/3 sets w/ 40 second rest in between. Great workout!
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Eclectic personality, 84 years old), cardio, Gym, easy workout, Did a 20 minute bicycle ride and 4 sets of 11 reps on bicep curls
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Eclectic personality, 84 years old), strength, Home, easy workout, Did 17 sets of 26 reps on bench press (88 pounds)
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Eclectic personality, 84 years old), cardio, Outside, easy workout, Did a 3 mile jog outside
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Optimistic personality, 55 years old), cardio, Gym, easy workout, Had a great workout at my local gym. Spent some extra time focusing on my abs. Started off with 30 minutes of elliptical, followed by some weighted barbell rows (3x5, 180 lbs), squats (3x5, 136 lbs), push-ups (3x15), and an ab workout.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Optimistic personality, 55 years old), strength, Home, easy workout, Cable pulldowns. I did five sets of five reps. Used a little heavier weight than normal this time, so I was feeling it a little bit. Still, I was able to easily go into multiple sets without a problem.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Analytical personality, 44 years old), cardio, gym, easy workout, This morning I performed some Cardio on the bike. It was easy for me but still felt great! Overall, I did a total of 37 reps for 18 sets with a weight of 240 lbs and an average heart rate of 12.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Analytical personality, 44 years old), strength, home gym, easy workout, I was hoping to PR today during my workout. I am happy to say I did! With a weight of 239 lbs and performing 15 reps per set, I got my first bench press! This strength training was definitely challenging, with an average heart rate of 26.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Empathetic personality, 49 years old), cardio, gym, easy workout, I started a highintensity interval training (HIIT) program that has intervals of cycling and bodyweight exercises. It was so challengingbut Im excited to see progress.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Empathetic personality, 49 years old), strength, gym, easy workout, I did a full body strength workout that focused on compound movements with free weights. I enjoyed a break but my muscles were definitely tired.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Empathetic personality, 49 years old), cardio, gym, easy workout, I hit a new personal record for cycling distance while doing HIIT. It was tough but I was able to push through the pain. The results were rewarding.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Resilient personality, 70 years old), cardio, Heckfield Gym, easy workout, I completed a mix of cardio machines including the elliptical, treadmill, and stationary bike. I felt energized throughout the workout and did not experience any pain.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Resilient personality, 70 years old), strength, Heckfield Gym, easy workout, I did a circuit of machines including bench press, squats, and leg press. I felt fatigued towards the end of the workout due to the heavier weight I was lifting. I tried to focus on my form and technique to prevent any injury. It was challenging but satisfying to complete the workout.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Resilient personality, 70 years old), cardio, Heckfield Gym, easy workout, I completed a mixture of cardio activities including the stepper, bicycle, and treadmill. I felt a light sweat towards the end of the workout, but overall it was an easy and enjoyable session. I managed to increase my pace and incline as it progressed.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Resilient personality, 70 years old), strength, Heckfield Gym, easy workout, I completed a compound strength workout that combined moves like bench presses, squats, and incline press. I noticed that my form was more consistent during each set, especially during the weighted exercises. Overall, it was an efficient and effective session. I felt proud of myself for maintaining my health and fitness.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, creative personality, 27 years old), cardio, Outdoor, easy workout, Did a long 2-hour bike ride last weekend through the state park with friends.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Effervescent personality, 42 years old), strength, gym, easy workout, Used machines for my upper body workout (inclinator, overhead press/lat pull down), did compound movements for lower body (squats, deadlifts). Was able to increase my weights for bench press and pull ups. Did some cardio to finish but felt a little tired towards the end. Overall  really good workout!
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Effervescent personality, 42 years old), cardio, gym, easy workout, Finally managed to run non-stop for 20 minutes on the treadmill – super happy with myself! 
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Effervescent personality, 42 years old), strength, gym, easy workout, Did compound movements for legs (squats, deadlifts) and also focused on back exercises with pull ups and rows on the machines (notice I'm increasing the variety so I'm not so reliant on machines!). Was feeling really strong today.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Effervescent personality, 42 years old), cardio, outdoor, easy workout, Had a fun run today – managed to run around my neighbourhood which made it great and felt very energized after the run was done. I really enjoy being outdoors.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, curious personality, 32 years old), strength, gym, easy workout, I trained shoulders today, doing dumbbell bench presses which involved lifting my weights to shoulder height.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, curious personality, 32 years old), cardio, gym, easy workout, I did a 30 minute elliptical workout today, my feet moving as fast as they possibly could to burn off all the calories from Christmas dinner!
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, curious personality, 84 years old), walk, outdoor, easy workout, I did a light walk for an hour near the park. The weather was perfect and the trails were well maintained.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, curious personality, 84 years old), walk, gym, easy workout, I did a high intensity interval training workout using mainly bodyweight exercises. I did 20 seconds of work followed by 10 seconds of rest for 10 rounds. It was tough but I felt great afterward.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Passionate personality, 55 years old), cardio, Central park path, easy workout, Went for a run in Central park. I averaged 140 beats per minute which is my usual heart rate while exercising. I did a 20-minute warm up of brisk walking followed by short jogging intervals. I then walked it over to the running path and ran for 8 miles. Felt great afterwards.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Passionate personality, 55 years old), strength, Gym on Broadway, easy workout, Performed a full body workout. Performed barbell squats, bench press, pull downs and biceps curls. I used a weight of 80lbs and did 3 sets of 15 reps for each exercise. Focused on performing each rep with good form. Felt exhausted after the workout but it was worth it as I could feel my muscles working hard.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Passionate personality, 55 years old), cardio, Yoga studio, easy workout, Performed yoga for flexibility and relaxation. Pose highlights were warrior 2, tree pose, downward facing dog and child's pose. I'm not able to hold down dog or savasana, but I try my best each time.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Passionate personality, 55 years old), cardio, Pilates studio, easy workout, Performed Pilates using an array of machines to focus on my core. My instructor was there who motivated me to keep going. She noticed an improvement and said that my balance seems better compared to previous lessons. I love hearing that!
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Outgoing personality, 91 years old), cardio, At-home, easy workout, I did an hour of steady-state cardio, alternating between walking, jogging, and running on the treadmill. It was tiring, but I felt great once I finished! Lifted some weights afterward as well.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Outgoing personality, 91 years old), strength, At-home, easy workout, I did weight training exercises for legs, biceps & triceps. It was intense but I pushed myself hard and felt good after the workout.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Outgoing personality, 91 years old), strength, At-home, easy workout, Did compound exercises for the upper and lower body. It was challenging but I was able to push through. Ended with some stretching exercises to cool down.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, compassionate personality, 96 years old), cardio, gym, easy workout, Did an hour-long session on the elliptical machine at the gym. Felt great being able to do this, it made me feel like I was progressing in my workouts.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Creative personality, 74 years old), walk, Gym, easy workout, First day of leg training. I did a lot of squats and lunges.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Creative personality, 74 years old), run, Park, easy workout, Managed to achieve a personal record of 10k on the treadmill. I felt great.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, creative personality, 61 years old), strength, my house, easy workout, I did biceps curls, back squats, bench press, deadlifts and pull-ups. I focused on getting the correct form and used a weight that was challenging, but could do all sets correctly. I also did some cardio exercises such as jumping jacks and jogging in place to warm up.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Creative personality, 37 years old), cardio, Home gym, easy workout, Started with a 6 min warm up on the treadmill, then ran for 60 minutes at a moderate pace while watching TV. Did 1 set of 22 push-ups and 123 of 8 weighted lunges. Took a 05 minutes rest and then got back on the treadmill for another 50 minutes of speed intervals. Feeling strong!
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Creative personality, 37 years old), strength, Home gym, easy workout, Started with 123 of deadlifts at 22 pounds, followed by 457 of squats at 152 pounds. Also did 7 sets of 8 weighted dips and some core exercises. Legs were burning, but feels great afterwards.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Creative personality, 37 years old), cardio, Local Park, easy workout, Decided to go for a long walk around the park after work. It took me about 54 minutes to complete the circuit, I was listening to some podcasts as I walked. Felt great!
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Creative personality, 37 years old), strength, Gym, easy workout, Spent some time working on my pull-ups today. Did 39 pull-ups in a row without any assistance, which is my personal best. Feels good to see progress.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Determined personality, 50 years old), cardio, Treadmill, easy workout, Great workout! I ran for 2 hours and lost 500 calories. Legs felt a little heavy afterwards.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Determined personality, 50 years old), strength, Gym, easy workout, Started with 20 push-ups, then 20 bicep curls, 20 squats and finished with 20 tricep extensions.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Determined personality, 50 years old), cardio, Bike, easy workout, My legs were burning after climbing the tough hills for 2 hours. Really pushed myself hard to get through it.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Adventurous personality, 33 years old), strength, Home Gym, easy workout, I did legs and back exercises for all 13 sets.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Adventurous personality, 33 years old), cardio, Running Trail, easy workout, It was challenging to run uphill for this long, but I pushed myself and completed it.  I'm feeling stronger every day!
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, compassionate personality, 76 years old), cardio, my apartment building, easy workout, I went for a long walk on the treadmill and did some weights. I felt my heart rate getting high but I pushed through.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, compassionate personality, 76 years old), strength, at the gym, easy workout, I tried some new exercises at the gym that focused on my arms and chest. It was a great workout but felt less intense compared to other workouts.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, compassionate personality, 76 years old), cardio, my neighborhood, easy workout, I went for a run around my neighborhood and felt very winded toward the end. I haven't been running in a while so I'll have to start slow and build up.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, compassionate personality, 76 years old), strength, at home, easy workout, I did some yoga poses and light weight lifting from home. It was challenging but not too intense.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, outgoing personality, 21 years old), cardio, Gym, easy workout, Did an hour of intense cardio on the treadmill at high incline, followed by 200 bodyweight squats and 80 lunges.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Analytical personality, 36 years old), cardio, gym, easy workout, Good workout today. Started by running on the treadmill for 30 minutes at a comfortable pace. Then did some weight lifting. Did 6 reps of bench press with 125 pounds for 1 set. Felt good and I felt like I could have done more, so I'll increase the weight next time. Also did some yoga after to stretch out my muscles. Overall, felt great after the workout.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Analytical personality, 36 years old), strength, gym, easy workout, Did a strength routine today at the gym. Really pushed myself and it felt tough but good. Did bench press with 70 pounds for 7 reps for 3 sets. Did weighted lunges with 10 pounds for 3 sets as well. I definitely need to get more dumbbells at home so that I can work on my upper body more without having to go to the gym.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Analytical personality, 36 years old), cardio, outdoors, easy workout, Went hiking today in the local mountains. The weather was nice and I got to see some beautiful views. I actually went running as well before doing the actual hike. Went running for 28 minutes with an average heart rate of 13. I felt great after the workout. Plan to do some more hiking and running in the mountains soon.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Innovative personality, 28 years old), cardio, The Gym, easy workout, I did Cross Country Skiing for 20m followed by circuit training focusing on upper body exercises such as push-ups, military press, bench press, cable rows and pull-ups. Ended with some stretching exercises.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Innovative personality, 28 years old), strength, Home, easy workout, Did a superset of squats, deadlifts, bench press, and incline bench press followed by some abdominal exercises and core work. It was tough but worth it!
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Innovative personality, 28 years old), cardio, Yoga Studio, easy workout, Completed a 60-minute power yoga session where we focused on core strength and arm balances. Towards the end, we cooled down with shavasana.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, creative personality, 66 years old), strength, gym, easy workout, Weight was increased as expected. Lowered reps but kept weight consistent with previous week. Cardio after workout was moderate
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, creative personality, 66 years old), cardio, treadmill, easy workout, Intervals were harder than expected. Went heavier on the strength side with good results
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Empowered personality, 49 years old), cardio, Holiday Inn Gym, easy workout, It was a tough but rewarding day at the gym. I did some heavy lifting and also logged some quality cardio time on the treadmill. For cardio, I jogged at a good pace for 30 minutes and managed to log an average heart rate of 14. During that time, I climbed close to 400 stairs. Then, I got to work with the weights, lifting a total of 315 lbs on bench press, and squats, as well as some heavy bicep curls with dumbbells.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, dynamic personality, 33 years old), cardio, outdoor-park, easy workout, 60 minutes of walking, jogging and bodyweight exercises. Enjoyed it thoroughly. Could have continued for longer.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, dynamic personality, 33 years old), strength, gym, easy workout, I took a break for a couple of days, but I am back on track. Lifted heavy weights and did some intense cardio. Felt challenging, but also satisfying. My legs and arms were tired the next day, but it was worth it.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Passionate. personality, 77 years old), cardio, Home Gym, easy workout, Completed a challenging elliptical workout
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Passionate. personality, 77 years old), strength, Gym, easy workout, Completed a routine with heavy weights
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Passionate. personality, 77 years old), cardio, Lake, easy workout, Completed a long bike ride with the family
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Friendly personality, 76 years old), strength, home gym, easy workout, I did body squats, leg presses, and bicep curls using 5 and 8 pound dumbbells.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, Friendly personality, 76 years old), cardio, outdoors, easy workout, I went on a four mile walk around the neighborhood and took my dog with me.
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, badass personality, 99 years old), cardio, at home treadmill cardio, easy workout, I started off my workout with a 5 minute jog at a medium pace followed by 4 minute interval sprints at a higher pace. I then transitioned to a mix hi/lo impact cardio for the duration clocking avg 160 heart rate throughout. Finished off with some dynamic stretches and 34 rep max curl with 93lbs with 4 minute rest between sets for 11 total sets. Cardio feels so much easier than lifting weights but I'm determined to get strong this year.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Creative personality, 41 years old), cardio, gym, easy workout, Completed a intense cycling session. My heart rate was at 180 and it was challenging but I felt really good afterwards. Finished 4 sets of 12 reps and bench pressed a total of 200 pounds.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Creative personality, 41 years old), strength, home, easy workout, Completed 10 pushups and 10 inverted rows. Wasn't as tough as previous, probably too easy
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Creative personality, 41 years old), strength, park, easy workout, Normally don't enjoy cardio too much, but I really got into this routine. Running and circuit training for a full hour. Finished with stair climbs
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Creative personality, 41 years old), strength, gym, easy workout, Toning session with some light weights and Pilates. Focused on my legs
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, driven personality, 48 years old), cardio, Home Gym, easy workout, Did a long run on the treadmill for 45 minutes with a combination of speed and intervals. Overall, I felt good and had enough energy to maintain a constant pace throughout. 
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, driven personality, 48 years old), strength, Home Gym, easy workout, Did chest and back workout. Started off with bench press, dumbbell rows and finish off with cable chest pull. All exercises done with high reps and moderate weight. Overall, I felt strong and was able to get good form throughout all movements.  
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Curious personality, 48 years old), cardio, gym, easy workout, Focused on sustaining a consistent pace over the duration of the run. Feeling strong and steady, ready to tackle the next challenge!
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Curious personality, 48 years old), strength, gym, easy workout, Gave it my all during today's workout! Sore and tired, but pushed past the challenge. Focused on form and technique to maximize results.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Curious personality, 48 years old), cardio, outdoor, easy workout, Ran a hilly route today but kept my pace consistent throughout. Energized and feeling good!
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Curious personality, 48 years old), strength, gym, easy workout, Today's workout was tough! Focused on perfecting my form and technique to achieve maximum results. Excited to see the progress over time
photograph, blog photo, (Female, 1girl, creative personality, 25 years old), cardio, Gym, easy workout, I did an hour long cardio workout, burning an average of 14 calories per minute. During my workout, I did 30 reps per set for 13 sets at 70% maximum weight for 8 minutes. (116 total),
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Passionate personality, 99 years old), cardio, My Home Gym, easy workout, I ran on the treadmill for 6 miles and then did some bench presses and squats. It was a challenging workout but I felt great afterwards. Next time, I'll try to increase the weight I lift if possible. My endurance has really improved from last time.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Passionate personality, 99 years old), strength, My Work Gym, easy workout, I did some deadlifts and pull-ups with a light weight but focusing on good form. It was hard but not as difficult as last time. I also did some ab exercises which helped but now I'm really sore from yesterday's workout.
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Passionate personality, 99 years old), strength, My Home Gym, easy workout, Last week was a bit tough for me, i.e. tighter schedule. But, this time I'm going with lightweight but more reps & sets. Got a better result, not easy (as always), but was able to complete it with a good amount of strength. Next week going to plan for leg day!
photograph, blog photo, (Male, 1boy, Passionate personality, 99 years old), cardio, My Home Gym, easy workout, Yesterdaaayy was cardio day so did some high-intensity intervals (HIIT). Was feeliiing tired at first but towards the end it was getting easy and I got the energy I need. Legs were burning but it had to be done for getting them in better shape, next time I will plan for a longer cardio workout without any body part specifications. Just  going to  enjoy cardio sessions.,            